
 Andrew Bustamante: Massage will do anything. Massage has no qualms doing what it takes to ensure the survival of every Israeli citizen around the world. Most other countries will stop at some point, but messiah doesn't do that.
 
 Lex Fridman: The following is a conversation with Andrew Boost Monte. Former Cia C intelligence Officer and Us Air force Combat veteran, including the job of operational targeting encrypted communications, and launch operations for two hundred nuclear intercontinental ballistic missiles. Andrews over seven years as a Cia spy have given him a skill set and a perspective on the world that is fascinating to explore. This is the Le frequent podcast to support it. Please check out our sponsors in the description.
 
 And now, dear friends, here's Andrew for Monte. The central intelligence agency was
 
 Andrew Bustamante: formed almost seventy five years ago. What is the mission of the Cia? How does it work? The mission of the Cia is to collect intelligence from around the world that supports a national security mission and be the central repository for all other intelligence agencies so that it's one collective source where all intelligence can be synthesized and then passed forward
 
 Lex Fridman: to the decision makers. That doesn't include domestic intelligence. It's primarily looking outward. Outside the united states
 
 Andrew Bustamante: correct. Cia is the foreign intelligence collection king spoke if you will. Fbi does domestic and then Department of Homeland Security does domestic, law enforcement essentially handles all things domestic. Intelligence is not law enforcement. So we technically cannot work inside the United States.
 
 Is
 
 Lex Fridman: there clear lines to be drawn between Like you just said Fbi, Cia a Fbi, and the other Us intelligence agencies like the Dia, defense intelligence Agency. Department of Homeland Security, nsa, National Security agency and and and there's a list...
 
 Andrew Bustamante: There's a list about thirty three different intelligence organizations
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. So the army, the navy has... All the different organizations have their own intelligence groups. So is there is there clear lines here to be drawn or is the cia the the giant integrator of all of these? It's a little bit
 
 Andrew Bustamante: of both to be honest. So, yes, there are absolutely lines. And more so than the lines. There are lines that divide what our primary mission is. Everything's got be prioritized.
 
 That's one of the benefits in and the superpower of the United States is we prioritize everything. So different intelligence organizations are prioritized to collect certain types of intelligence. And then within the con of how they collect, they're also given unique authorities. Authorities are a term that's directed by the executive branch. Different agencies have different authorities to execute missions in different ways.
 
 Fbi can't execute the same way Ci execute Cia can't execute the same way Ng execute. But then at the end, excuse me, when it's all collected, then, yes, Cia still acts as a final s synthesized repository to create what's known as the president's daily brief. The Pd. The only way can creates, the Pd is by being the single source of all source intelligence from around the Ic, the intern the intelligence community, which are those thirty some odd and always changing organizations that are sponsored for intelligence operations.
 
 Lex Fridman: What does the Pd the president's daily brief look like? How long is it? What is it contain?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: So first of all, it looks like the most expensive book report you can ever imagine. It's got its own binder. It's all very high end. It feels important it looks important. It's not like a cheap trap keeper.
 
 It's somewhere between would give it probably between fifty and a hundred and twenty five pages. A day it's produced every day around two o'clock in the morning by a dedicated group of analysts And and each page is essentially a short paragraph to a few paragraphs about a priority happening that affects national security from around the world. The president rarely gets to the entire briefing in a day. He relies on a brief instead to prioritize what inside the briefing needs to be shared with the president. Because some days, the Pd will get briefed and
 
 Andrew Bustamante: ten minutes. And some days it'll be brief over the course of two hours, it depends on the president's schedule. How much competition is there for the first page? And so
 
 Lex Fridman: how much jo there is for attention for... I imagine for all the different intelligence agencies. And with within in the Cia, there's probably different groups that are modular, and they're all care about different nations or different cases. And is there... Do you understand how much competition there is for the attention for the limited tension of the president you're a
 
 Andrew Bustamante: hundred percent correct in how the agency and how officers and managers at the agency handle the Pd. There's a ton of competition. Everybody wants to be the first on the radar. Everybody wants to be on the first page. The thing that we're not baking in the equation is the president's interests.
 
 The president dictates what's on the first page of his Pd. And he will tell them usually the day before, I wanna see this on the first page tomorrow. Bring this to me in the beginning. I I don't wanna hear about what's happening in Mozambique. Don't really care about what's happening in Saudi Arabia.
 
 I wanna see one two three. And regardless of whether or not those are the three biggest things in the world, the president's the executive, he's the one. He's the ultimate customer. So we do what the... The customer says.
 
 That has back backfired in the past. If you haven't already started seeing how that could go wrong, that is back right in the past, but that is essentially what happens when you serve in the executive branch.
 
 Lex Fridman: You serve the executive. So what's the role, the director of the Cia versus the president? What's that dance like? So the the president really leads the focus of the Cia.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: The president is the commander in chief for the military. But the the executive the president is also the executive for the entirety of the intelligence community. So he's the the ultimate customer. If you look at it like a business, the customer, the person spending the money is the president and the director is the Ceo. So if if the director doesn't create what the president wants, there's gonna be a new director.
 
 That's why the director of Cia is a presidential appointed position. Sometimes they're extremely qualified intelligence professionals. Sometimes they're just professional politicians or soldiers that could put in that seat because the president trusts them to do what he wants them to do. Another gaping area that causes problems, but
 
 Andrew Bustamante: that's still the way it is. So you think this is a problematic configuration of the holes. So the massive flaw, this system It is a massive flaw the system. Because
 
 Andrew Bustamante: if you're essentially appointing a director to do what you want them to do, then you're assigning a cro and that's what we define corruption as within the United States. And inside the United States, we say, if you pick somebody outside of Merit for any other reason other than merit, then it's cro or its ne. Here that's exactly what our structures built on all presidential appoint are appointed on something other than Mary.
 
 Lex Fridman: So for an intelligence agency be effective, it has to discover the truth and communicate that truth. And maybe if you're pointing the direct or that agency you're not they're less likely to communicate the truth to you unless the choose the aligns perfectly with your desired worldview.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Well, not necessarily perfectly because there are other steps. Right? They have to be... They have to go in front of Congress and they have to have the support of of multiple legislators or legislators, But they... They're the challenge is that the shortlist list of people who even get the opportunity aren't am merit list.
 
 It's a short based off of who the president is picking or who the would be president picking. Now I think we've proven that and intelligence you can be an intelligence organization can be extremely effective even within the flawed system. Yeah. The challenge is how much more effective could we be if we improved? And that's...
 
 I think that's the challenge it faces a lot of the Us government. I think that's a challenge that has resulted in what we see today when it comes to the decline of American power and American influence the rise of foreign influence authoritarian powers and a shrinking Us economy, a growing Chinese economy, and it's just we have questions. Hard questions we need to ask ourselves about how we're gonna handle the future.
 
 Lex Fridman: What aspect of that communication between the president and the Cia could be fixed to to help fix the problems that you're referring to in terms of the decline of the american power.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: So when you talk about the president wanting to prioritize what the president cares about. That immediately shows a break between what actually matters to the long term success of the United States versus what happened, what benefits the short term success of the current president
 
 Lex Fridman: because any president is just a human being and has a very narrow focus.
 
 Lex Fridman: And now focus is not a long term calculation. Exactly. What's the maximum amount of years as a president can be president? Eight. Yeah.
 
 He has to be he or she
 
 Andrew Bustamante: in the United States. In the
 
 Andrew Bustamante: United States, according to our current constitution. Yeah. But they... They're very limited in terms of what they have to prioritize. And then if you look at a four year cycle, two years of that is essentially preparing for the next election cycle.
 
 So what's only two years of really quality attention you get from the president who is the chief executive of all the intelligence community? So the most important thing to them is not always the most important thing to the long term survival of the United States.
 
 Lex Fridman: What do you make of the hostile relationship that immediately least stands out of the president's between Donald Trump and the Cia. Was that a very kind of personal bigger. I mean, is there something interesting to you about the dynamics between that particular president and that particular instant of the intelligence agency,
 
 Andrew Bustamante: man, there were lots of things fascinating to me about that that relationship. So first, what's the good in the
 
 Lex Fridman: bad. Sorry. Interrupt.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: So let me start with the good first because there a lot of people who don't think there was any good. So the good thing is we saw that the president who's the chief customer the executive to the Cia, when the president doesn't want to hear what Cia has to say, he's not gonna listen. I think that's an important lesson for everyone to to take home. If the president doesn't care what you have to say, he's gonna take funding away or she will take funding away. They're gonna take attention away.
 
 They're going... They're going to shut down your operations, your missions they're gonna kill the careers of the people working there. Think about that for the four years the president Trump was the president. Basically, everybody at Cia, the career was put on a pause. Some people's careers were ended.
 
 Some people voluntarily left their career there. Because they found themselves working for a single customer didn't want what they had to
 
 Lex Fridman: produce. So for people who don't know, Donald Trump did not display significant deep interest in the output
 
 Lex Fridman: trust. Yeah. He was a dis customer. Exactly right. He he information.
 
 And then what do this customers do? They go find someone else to create their product. And that's
 
 Andrew Bustamante: exactly what Donald Trump did and he did it through the private intelligence world, funding private intelligence companies to run their own operations that brought him the information he cared about when Cia wouldn't. It also didn't help that Cia stepped outside of their con. Right Cia is supposed to collect foreign intelligence and not comment on domestic matters. They went way outside of that when they started challenging the president when they started questioning the results when they started publicly claiming Russian influence. That's all something the Fbi could have handled by itself.
 
 The justice department could have handled by itself. Cia had no place to contribute to that conversation. And when they did, all they did was undermine the relationship they had
 
 Lex Fridman: with their primary customer. Let me sort of focusing in on this relationship between the president or the leader and the intelligence agency and look outside the United States. It seems like authoritarian regimes or regimes start history, if you look at Stalin and Hitler, you look at today with vladimir or Putin. The negative effects of power corrupting the mind of a leader manifests manifest itself is that they start to get bad information from the intelligence agencies. So the this kind of thing that you're talking about over time, they start hearing information they wanna they want to hear.
 
 The agency starts producing only the kind of information they want to hear. And their the leaders worldview view starts becoming distorted to where the propaganda they generate is also the thing that intelligence agencies provide to them. And so they start getting this. They start believing their on propaganda and they start gaining distorted view of the world. Sorry for the sort of walking through in a weird way.
 
 But I guess I wanna ask, do you think let's look at vladimir Putin specifically. Do you think he's getting accurate information about the world? Do you think he knows the truth of the world, whether that's the war Ukraine, whether that's the behavior of the
 
 Andrew Bustamante: other nations in nato the United States in general. What do you think? It's rare that I'll talk about just thinking. It's... I I prefer to share my assessment why I assess things a certain way rather than just what's my random opinion.
 
 In my assessment, Vladimir Putin is winning. Russia is winning. They're winning in Ukraine, but they're also winning the battle of influence against the west. They're winning in the face of economic sanctions, they're winning. Empirical, when you look at the math, they're winning.
 
 So when you ask me whether or not Putin is getting good information from intelligence services, when I look at my overall assessment of multiple data points, he must be getting good information. Do I know how or why I do not? I don't know how or why it works there. I don't know how such deep cro such deep corruption can possibly yield true real results. And yet somehow there are real results happening.
 
 So it's either excessive waste and an accident it a wind or there really is a system in a process there that's functioning. So
 
 Lex Fridman: this winning idea is very interesting. In what way short term and long term is russia winning. Some people say there was a mis of the way the invasion happened. There is an assumption that you would be able to successfully take kiev. You you'd be able to successfully capture the East the south and the north of Ukraine and with what now appears to be significantly insufficient troops, spread too thin across way too large of a front.
 
 So that seems to be like an intelligence failure. And and that doesn't seem to be like winning. In another way, it doesn't seem like winning if we put aside the human cost of war. It doesn't seem like winning because the hearts and minds is the west were completely on the side of Ukraine. This particular leader in Vol is Z lens capture the attention of the world and the hearts and minds of Europe, the west, and many other nations throughout the world both financially in terms of military equipment and in terms of sort of social and cultural and emotional support for the independence fight of this nation.
 
 That seems to be like a mis. So against that pushback, why do you think there's still kernels of winning in this on the Russian side?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: What you're laying out isn't incorrect. And the mis are not unexpected. Anybody who's been to a military college. Including the army war college in Pennsylvania where so many of our military leaders are brought up. When you Look at the conflict in Ukraine, it fits the exact mold of what an effective long term military conflict, pro protracted military conflict wood and should look like for military dominance.
 
 Now did The lin ski and did the... Did the Ukrainians shock the world. Absolutely. But in that, they also shocked American intelligence, which like you said, mis. The whole world mis calculate how the Ukrainians would respond.
 
 Putin did not move in there accidentally. He had an assessment, He had high likelihood of a certain outcome, and that outcome did not happen. Why did he have that calculation? Because in two thousand fourteen, it worked. He invaded he took crime in in fourteen days.
 
 He basically created a... An infiltration campaign that turn key leaders over in the first few days of the conflict. So, essentially, there was no conflict. It worked in two thousand eight. When he took Georgia, nobody talks about that.
 
 He invaded George the exact same same way and it worked. So in two thousand eight it worked in two thousand fourteen it worked. There was no reason to believe it wasn't going to work again. So he just carried out the same campaign. But this time, something was different.
 
 That was a mis for sure on the part of Putin, And the reason that there was no support from the west because let's not forget. There is no support. There is nothing other than the Lend lease act which is putting Ukraine and massive debt right now to the west. That's the only form of support they're getting from Nato or the United States. So if somebody believed Ukraine would win, if somebody believed Ukraine had a chance, they would have gotten more material support than just debt.
 
 And we can jump into that anytime you want to. But the whole world mis, everybody thought Russia was gonna win in fourteen days. I I said that they would win fourteen days because that was predominant calculation. Once the first invasion didn't work, then the military does what professional military due man, they they reevaluate. They reorganize leaders and then they...
 
 They take a new approach. You saw three approaches. The first two did not work. The first two campaigns against Ukraine did not work the way they were supposed to work. The third has worked exactly like it's supposed to work.
 
 You don't need kiev to win Ukraine. You don't need hearts and minds to win Ukraine. What you need? Yeah. What you need is control of of natural resources which they're taking in the east.
 
 And you need access to the heart beat the the blood flow of food and money into the country, which they're taking in the south. The fact that Ukraine had to go to the negotiation table. With Russia and Turkey in order to get exports out of the black Sea approved, again, demonstrates just how much Ukraine is losing. The had a seat at the negotiation table to allow Ukraine the ability to even export one of its top exports. If Russia would have said no, then they would not have had that.
 
 Russia has that's like someone holding your throat, like somebody holding your jug vein and saying, if if you don't do what I tell you to do, then I'm not gonna let you breathe. I'm not gonna let blood flow to your brain. So do you think it's possible that Russia takes
 
 Lex Fridman: the south of Ukraine? It takes... So starting from Mari, the Region all the way to A odessa all the way to Ad odessa and into into Moldova. I believe all
 
 Andrew Bustamante: that will happen before the fall.
 
 Lex Fridman: Followed this year fall this year.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Before winter hits Europe, Nato wants Germany needs. To be able to have sanctions lifted so they can tap into Russian power. There's no way they can have those sanctions listed unless Russia wins. And Russia also knows that all of Europe, all of Nato is the true the true people feeling the pain of the war outside of Ukraine, are the nato countries because they're so heavily reliant on Russia. And as they have supported American sanctions against Russia, their people feel pain.
 
 Economically, there people feel the pain, what are they gonna do in the winter? Because without russian gas, They're their people are gonna freeze the death,
 
 Lex Fridman: Ukrainian
 
 Andrew Bustamante: people. People all over Nato. I... Ukraine, Everybody knows ukraine at risk. Everybody knows ukrainians are dying.
 
 The game of war isn't played. Just... It is even played majority by the people who are fighting. The game of war played by everyone else. It's an economic game.
 
 It's not a military game,
 
 Lex Fridman: the flow of resources and energy,
 
 Andrew Bustamante: attention. Exactly right. I was
 
 Lex Fridman: on the front in the Region this very area that you're referring to and I spoke to a lot of people and those the morale is incredibly high. And I don't think the people in that region soldiers volunteer soldiers, civilians are going to give up that land without dying. I agree with you. I mean, in order to take Ad odessa
 
 Andrew Bustamante: would require huge amount of art artillery. And slaughter of civilians essentially. They're not gonna use artillery odessa because o odessa is too important to Russian culture. It's gonna be even
 
 Andrew Bustamante: than that. It's going to be clearing of streets, clearing a buildings, person by person troop by troop. It'll be a lot like what it was in. Just shooting at civilians. Because they can't afford to just do bombing raids because they're gonna destroy a cultural significant architecture that's just too important to the Russian culture.
 
 And that's gonna demo their own
 
 Lex Fridman: Russian people. I have to do a lot of thinking to try to understand what I even feel. I I don't know. But in terms of information, the thing that the soldiers are saying, the the Russian soldiers is saying the thing that russian soldiers just really believe is that they're freeing, they're liberating the ukrainian people from nazis.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Mh
 
 Lex Fridman: and they believe this. Because I visited Ukraine and I spoke to over a hundred probably a couple hundred ukrainian people from different walks of life. It feels like the Russian soldiers at least are under a cloud of propaganda. They're not operating on clear view of the whole world. And given all that, I just don't
 
 Andrew Bustamante: see
 
 Lex Fridman: Russia taking the south without committing war crimes. And if Vladimir Putin is aware of what's happening in terms of the treatment of civilians, I don't see him pushing forward all the way to take the south because that's not going to be effective strategy for him to win the hearts and minds of his people. Auto don't need to win hearts
 
 Andrew Bustamante: and minds. That's a staunch democratic point of view. Hearts and minds mean very little to people who understand core, basic needs and and true power. You don't see xi jinping worrying about hearts and minds in China. You don't see You don't see it in North Korea.
 
 You don't see it in in Congo. You don't see it in most of the world. Hearts and minds are a luxury. In reality, what people need is food water power. They need income to be able to secure a lifestyle.
 
 It's it is absolutely sad. I am not in any way shape or form, saying that my assessment on this is is in enriching or in lightning or or hopeful, it's just back, it's just cal empirical evidence. If Putin loses in Ukraine, the losses, the influential losses, the economic losses, the lives lost, the power lost is too great. So it is better for him to push and push and push through war crimes through everything else. War crimes are something defined by the international court system.
 
 The international court system has Russia as part of its board, and the international court system is largely powerless when it comes to enforcing its own outcomes. So the real risk gain scenario here for for Russia is is is significantly in favor of gain over risk. The other thing that I think is important to talk about is we everybody is trapped in the middle of a gigantic information war. Yes, there's battlefield bullets and cannons and tanks. But there's also a massive from informational war.
 
 The same narrative that you see these ground troops in Ukraine, these Russian ground troops in Ukraine, believing their clearing the land of Nazis. That information is being fed to them from their own home country. I don't know why people seem to think that the information that they're reading in English is any more or less true. The every piece of news coming out of the west every piece of information coming out in the English language is also a giant narrative, being shared. Intentionally to try to undermine the more the morale and the faithfulness of English speaking Russians, which somebody somewhere knows exactly how many of those there are.
 
 So we have to recognize that we're not getting true information from other side. Because there is a strategic value in making sure that there is just the right amount of miss or disinformation out there. Not because someone's trying to lie to Americans, but because someone is trying to influence the way English speaking Russians think, And in that world, that's exactly why you see so many news articles cited to anonymous sources. Government officials who do not wanna be named. There's no nothing that links back responsibility there.
 
 Right? There's nothing they can go to court there. But this the information still gets released, and that's that's enough to make Ukrainians believe that the United States is gonna help them. Or that the west is gonna help them. It's enough to make Russians think that that they're going to lose and maybe they should just they should just give up now and leave from the battlefield now.
 
 We have to understand. We are in the middle of a giant information war.
 
 Lex Fridman: Maybe you can correct me, but it feels like in the English beacon world, it's harder to control it's harder to to fight the information war. Because of, you know, some people say there's not really a freedom of speech in this country, but I think if you compare, there's a lot more freedom of speech. And it's just harder to control there it is when there's a bunch of gorilla journalists that are able to just publish anything they want on Twitter or anything it's just harder to control narratives. So people don't understand where freedom of speech is. That's
 
 Andrew Bustamante: the first major problem. And it's it's shameful. How many people in the United States do not understand what Freedom of speech actually protects. So that aside, you're absolutely right. Fighting the information war in the west is extremely difficult because anyone with a blog, anyone with a Twitter account, anyone...
 
 I mean, anyone can call themselves a journalist essentially. We live in a world that we live in a country where people read the headline and they completely bypass the author line. And they go straight into the content. And then they
 
 Andrew Bustamante: decide whether the content real or not based on how they feel instead of based on empirical measurable evidence. So you mentioned the loan lease act and the support of the
 
 Lex Fridman: United States support of Ukraine by the United States. Are you skeptical to the level of support that the United States is providing and is going to provide over over time
 
 Andrew Bustamante: the strategy of the United States is taken to support Ukraine is similar to the strategy we took to support great Britain during World war two. The the enactment of Lin is a perfect example of that. The Lend lease act means that we are lending or releasing equipment to the Ukrainian government in exchange for future payment. So every time a rocket is launched, every time it drone crashes into a tank, that's that's a bill that Ukraine is is just racking up. It's like when you go to a restaurant, you start drinking shots.
 
 Time the bill will come due. This is exactly what we did when Europe and when Great Britain was in the face of Nazi Invasion, we sign the same thing in into the motion. Do you know that that the Uk did not pay off the debt from World War two until twenty twenty. They've been paying that debt since the end of World War two. So what we're doing is we're in embedding Ukraine against the promise that perhaps they will secure their freedom.
 
 Which nobody seems to want to talk about what freedom is actually gonna look like for ukrainians. Right? What are the true handful of outcomes, the realistic outcomes that could come of this? And what which of those outcomes really looks like freedom to them. Especially in the face of the fact that they're going to be trillions of dollars in debt to the west for supplying them with the training and the weapons and the food and the med kits and everything else that we're giving them because nothing none of it's free.
 
 It's all coming do. It's all we're a democracy, but we're also a capitalist country. We we can't afford to just give things away for free. But we can give things away to discount, we can give things away lay away, but the the bill will come due. And unfortunately, that is not part of the conversation that's being had with the American
 
 Lex Fridman: So debts is a way to establish some level of control. Power as power. That said, having a a very close relationship between Ukraine in the United States does not seem to be a a negative possibility when Ukrainians think about their future in terms of freedom That's one thing. And the other there's some aspect of this war that I I've just noticed that one of the people I talked to said that all great nations have a independence war. Have devil war for their independence.
 
 In order there's something it's dark, but there's something about war just being a catalyst for finding your own identity as a nation. So you can have leaders you can have sort of signed documents. You can have all this kind of stuff. But something about war that really brings the country together and actually tried to figure out what is at the core of the spirit of the people that defines this country and they see this war as that as the independence war to define the heart of what the country is So has been before the war before this invasion there was a lot of factions in the country. There was a lot of influence from oli ga and corruption and so on.
 
 A lot of that was the factions were brought together under one umbrella effectively to become one nation because of this invasion So they see that as a positive direction for the defining of what a free Democratic country looks like after the war at in their perspective after the
 
 Andrew Bustamante: war one. It's a difficult situation because I'm trying to make sure that that you and all... Everybody listening understands that what's happening in Ukraine among Ukrainians is noble and brave. And courageous and beyond the expectations of anyone. The fact is There is no material support coming from the outside.
 
 The American in the American revolution was one because of French involvement. French ships, French troops, French generals, French military. The independence of of communist China was one through Russian support, Russian generals, Russian troops on the ground, fighting with the communists. That's how revolutions are one. That's how independent countries are born.
 
 Ukraine doesn't get any of that. No one is stepping into that. Because we live in a world right now, where there simply is no economic benefits to the parties in power to support ukraine to that level. And war is a game of economics. The economic benefit of Ukraine is crystal clear in favor of Russia, which is why Putin cannot lose.
 
 He will not let himself lose. Short of something completely unexpected. Right? I'm talking sixty percent seventy percent probability,
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Ukraine loses.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: But there's still twenty percent thirty percent probability of the unimaginable happening. Who knows what that might be. An oli assassinate Putin or a nuclear bomb goes off somewhere or who knows what. Right? There's still a chance that something unexpected will happen and change the tide of the war.
 
 But when it comes down to the core calculus here, Ukraine is the agricultural bed to support a future Russia. Russian knows they know they have to have Ukraine. They know that they have to have it to protect themselves against military pressure from the west. They have to have it for agricultural reasons. They have major oil on natural gas pipelines that blow through eastern Ukraine, they they cannot let Ukraine fall.
 
 Outside of their sphere influence. They cannot. The United States doesn't really have any economic vested interest in Ukraine. Ideological, you know, ideological points of view and promises aside, there's no economic benefit. And the same thing goes for Nato.
 
 Nato has no economic investments in Ukraine. Ukrainian output, Ukrainian, food goes to the Middle East and Africa. It doesn't go to Europe. So the whole the the side, the west siding with Ukraine is exclusively ideological and it's putting them in a place where they fight a war with Russia, so the whole world can see russia's capabilities. Ukraine is a...
 
 As sad as it is to say, man. Ukraine is a pawn on a table for superpower to calculate each other's capacities. Right now, we've only talked about Russia in united states. We haven't even talked about iran. We haven't even talked about China.
 
 Right? It is a pawn on a table. This is a chicken fight so that people get to watch and see what the other trainers are doing. A
 
 Lex Fridman: lot of people might have said the same thing about the United States back in then independence fight. So there is there is possibilities as you've said, we're not saying zero percent chance and it could be a reasonably high percent chance that this becomes one of the great Democratic nations that the twenty first century remembered by. Absolutely. And so you said American support. So ideological, first of all, you don't assign much long term power to that.
 
 That Us could support Ukraine Purely ideological grounds.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Just look in the last four years, the last three years. Do you remember what happened in Hong Kong right before Covid? China swoop into Hong Kong violently, beating protesters, killing them in the street and imprison people without just without just cause. And Hong Kong was a democracy. And the whole world stood by and let it happen.
 
 And then what happened in Afghanistan just a year ago, And the whole world stood by and let the Taliban take power again after twenty years of loss. This we are showing a repeatable point of view. We will talk American politicians, American administrations, we will say a lot of things. We will promise a lot of ideological pro democracy, ra, statements we will say it. But when it comes down to putting our own people, our own economy, our own Gdp at risk, we step away from that fight.
 
 America is currently supplying military equipment Ukraine.
 
 Lex Fridman: Absolutely, and a lot of that military equipment has actually been the thing that turned the ties of war a couple of times already. Currently, that's the High mars systems So you mentioned sort of a putin can afford to lose. But winning can look at different ways. So you've kind of defined so on at at this moment, the prediction is that winning looks like capturing not just the east but the south of Ukraine. But you could have narrative as a winning that returned back to the...
 
 What was at the beginning of this year before the invasion. Correct? That Crimea still with Russia. There's some kind of negotiated thing about Don where it still stays with ukraine, but there's some
 
 Andrew Bustamante: public government Yeah. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: Just like, that's what they have in Georgia right now. And that could still be defined through mechanisms as Russia winning as a russian winning for Russia and then for Ukraine as ukraine winning and and for the west as democracy winning, and you kind of negotiate... I mean, that seems to be how geopolitics works Is... Everybody can walk away with a win win story. And then the world progresses Right with with the lessons learned.
 
 That's the high likely. That's the most probable outcome. The most probable
 
 Andrew Bustamante: outcome is that Ukraine remains In air quotes, a sovereign nation, it's not going to be truly sovereign because it will become it will have to have new government put in place. Z lindsay, will it's extremely unlikely he will be president. Because he has gone too far to demonstrate his power over the people and his ability to separate the Ukrainian people from the auto power of Russia. So he would have to be un. Whether he goes into exile, or whether he is peacefully left alone is gonna be part of negotiations.
 
 But the thing the thing to keep in mind also is that a negotiated piece really just means a negotiated fire. And we've seen this happen all over the world, North Korea in South Korea are technically still just in negotiated power. What you end up having is Russia will allow Ukraine to call self Ukraine to operate independently to have their own debt to the United States. Russia doesn't want take on that debt. And then in exchange for that, they will have firmer guidelines as to how Nato can engage with Ukraine.
 
 And then that becomes an example for all the other former Soviet satellite states, which are all required economically by Russia, not required economically by the west. And then you end up seeing how it just... You can see how the whole thing plays out once you realize that the keystone is Ukraine. There is something about Ukraine, the deep
 
 Lex Fridman: support by the Ukrainian people of America that is in contrast with for example of afghanistan, that it seems like ideological, Ukraine could be a beacon of freedom use in narratives by the United States to fight geopolitical wars in that part of the world that they would be a good partner. For this idea of democracy of freedom of all the values that America stands for. They're a good partner. And this so it's valuable if you sort of have a cynical pragmatic view, sort of, like, henry Kissing type of view, it's valuable to have them as a partner so valuable that it makes sense to support them in achieving a negotiated fire that's on the side of Ukraine. But because of this particular leader, this particular culture, this particular dynamics of how the war rolled and things like Twitter and the way digital communication currently works.
 
 It just seems like this is a powerful symbol of freedom that's useful for the United States. If we sort of to take the pragmatic view. Don't you think it it's possible that United States supports Ukraine financially mil enough for it to get an advantage in this war.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: I think they've got advantage in the war. The fact of the war is still going on. Demonstrates the asymmetrical advantage. The fact that Russia has stepped up to the negotiating table with them several times. Without just turning to and check...
 
 I mean, you what happened in now. Without turning to c neil a level just mass blind destruction, which was another putin war. To see that those things have happened demonstrates the asymmetric advantage that the west is given. I think the true way to look at the benefit of Ukraine as a a shining example of freedom in Europe for the west isn't to understand whether or not they could, they absolutely could. It's the question of how valuable is that.
 
 In Europe, How valuable is Ukraine, which before January before February nobody even thought about Ukraine and the people who did know about Ukraine. Knew that it was a extremely corrupt former Soviet state. With twenty percent of its national population self identifying as Russian. Like you... There's a reason putin went into Ukraine.
 
 There's a reason he's been promising he would go into Ukraine for the better part of a decade. Because the the circumstances were aligned, it was a corrupt country that self identified as Russian in many ways. It it was a it was supposed to be an easier of multiple marks in terms of the former Soviet satellite states to go after. That's all part of the mis that the rest of the world saw too when we thought it would fall quickly. So to think that it could be a shining shining example of freedom is accurate, but is it as shining a star as Germany?
 
 Is it as shining star is the Uk. Is it as shining a star as Romania? Is it As shiny a star as as France? Like It's got a lot of democratic freedom based countries in Europe to compete against to be this the shining stellar example. And in exchange, on counter point to that, it has an extreme amount of strategic value to Russia, which has no interest and making it a shining star of the example of of democracy and freedom.
 
 Lex Fridman: Outside of resource in terms of the shin of the star, I would argue, yes. If you look at how much you cap
 
 Andrew Bustamante: the intention of the world. The attention in the world has made no material difference man. That's what I'm
 
 Lex Fridman: saying... That's your estimation, but you Are you sure we can we can't if you can convert that into political influence, into money. Don't you think attention is money. Attention is money in democracies and capitalist countries. Yes.
 
 Which serves as a counter weight to sort of authoritarian regimes. So for for Putin, resources matter. For the United States also resources matter, but the attention and the belief the people also matter because you...
 
 Andrew Bustamante: That's how you attain and maintain political power. So going to that exact example, then I would highlight that our current administration has the lowest approval ratings of any presidents in history. So if people were very fond of the war going on in Ukraine, wouldn't that counter balance some of our upset some of the distant coming from the economy and some of the descent coming from from the the great recession and or the second great great resignation and whatever happening with the draw with a down stock market, you would think that people would feel like they're sacrificing for something. If they really believed that Ukraine mattered. That would they would stand next to the president is who is so staunch
 
 Lex Fridman: driving and leading the west against this conflict. Well, I think the opposition to this particular president, I personally believe has less to do with the policies and more to do
 
 Andrew Bustamante: with a lot of the other human factors. And but again, empirical, this is... I look at things through a very empirical lens, a very a very cold fact based lens
 
 Andrew Bustamante: and there are multiple data points that suggest that the American people ideological sympathize with Ukraine. But they really just want their gas prices to go down. They really just want to be able to pay less money at the grocery store for their food. And they most definitely don't want their sons and daughters. To die in exchange for Ukrainian freedom.
 
 Lex Fridman: It does hurt me to see the po polarization of this war as well. I think that has that's maybe has to do with the kind of calculation you're referring to. But it seems like it doesn't. It seems like there's a cynical, whatever takes attention of the media for the moment. The the red team chooses one side and the blue team chooses another.
 
 And then I think correct me if I'm wrong, but I believe the Democrats went into full, like, support of Ukraine on the and logical side. And then I guess, we're probably the same why we wasting money the prices. The gas prices are growing up. That's that's a very crude kind of analysis, but they basically pick whatever argument on whatever side. And now more and more and more, this particular war in Ukraine is becoming a kind of pawn in the game of politics that's first the midterm elections then building up towards the presidential elections and stops being about the philosophical, the social, the geopolitical aspects, parameters of this war and more biologists, like, whatever the heck cap Twitter, and we're gonna use that for politics.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: You're right in sense of the fact that it's... I wouldn't say that the red team and the blue team picked opposite sides on this What I would say is that media discovered that talking about Ukraine wasn't as profitable as talking about something else. People simply the American people who read media or who watch media, they simply became bored, reading about news that didn't seem to be changing much. And we turned back into wanting to read about our own economy, and we wanted to hear more about cryptocurrency. And we wanted to hear more about the kardashians and that's that's what we care about.
 
 So that's what media writes about. That's how a capitalist market driven world works and that's how the United States works. That's why in both red papers and papers, red sources and blue sources. You don't see your ukraine being mentioned very much. If anything, I would say that your Republicans are probably more in support what's happening in Ukraine right now because we're creating new weapon systems, Our military is getting stronger.
 
 We're sending these. We get to test military systems in combat in Ukraine. That's priceless in the world of the the military Industrial complex. Being able to field test combat test, a weapon without having to sacrifice their own people, is incredibly valuable. You get all the data, you get all the performance metrics, but you don't have to put yourself at risk.
 
 That is one of the major benefits of what we're seeing from supporting Ukraine with weapons and with troops, the long term benefit to what will come of this for the United States. Practically speaking in the lens of national security through military readiness through future economic benefits, Those are super strong. The geopolitical fight is is essentially moot because Ukraine is not a geopolitical player. It was not for for seventy years. And after this conflict is over, it will not again.
 
 Just think about what you were just saying with the American people's attention span. Twitter and whatever currently going on. If the Ukraine conflict resolved itself today. In either in any direction, How many weeks do you think before no one talked about Ukraine anymore? Do you think we would make it two weeks?
 
 Do you think we make it maybe seven days? It would be headline news for one or two days. And then we'd be on to something else. It's just an unfortunate reality of how the world works in a capitalist democracy.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. It just breaks my heart. How much... You know,
 
 Andrew Bustamante: I know that there's Yemen and Syria and that nobody talks about anymore. Still raging conflicts going
 
 Andrew Bustamante: on.
 
 Lex Fridman: It just it breaks my heart, how much generational hatred is born. I happen to be from my family is from Ukraine and from Russia. And so for me, just personally, it's a part of the world I care about in terms of its history. I... Because I speak the language I can appreciate the beauty of the literature, the music that art the the cultural history of the twentieth century, through all the dark times through draw the the hell of the dark size of regimes, the destruction of war, there still just a beauty that I'm able to appreciate that I can't appreciate about China, Brazil, other countries because I don't speak their a language.
 
 This one I can appreciate. And so in that way, this is personally really painful to me to see so much of that history. The beauty in that history suffocated by the hatred that is born through this
 
 Andrew Bustamante: kind of geopolitical game, fought mostly by the politicians the leaders. People are beautiful. And that's what you're talking about.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: People are just people are beautiful creatures. Culture and art and and science. Like these are beautiful beautiful things that come about because of human beings. And the thing that gives me hope is that no matter what conflict the world has seen. And we've seen some devastating horrible crimes against humanity.
 
 Already. We saw nuclear bombs go off in Japan. We saw we saw genocide happen in Rwanda. We've seen horrible things happen. But people persevere, language, culture, arts science, they all persevere beer they all shine through.
 
 Some of the most... People don't even realize how gorgeous the architecture in the culture is inside Iran. People have no idea. Chinese people in the rural parts of China are some of the kind most amazing people you'll ever meet. And Korean arts and Korean dance Korean drumming, they know nobody has ever even heard of Korean drumming.
 
 And Korean and drumming is this magical beautiful thing. And the north in North korea, does it better than anybody in the world. Tae in North Korea is just exceptional
 
 Lex Fridman: to one
 
 Andrew Bustamante: North Korea. Nobody knows these. You know about. I have questions.
 
 Lex Fridman: But my best thing, that's that's a... Like people don't think about that, but the culture, the beauty of the people still flourish even in the toughest of absolutely And and we always will. We always will
 
 Andrew Bustamante: because that is what people do. And that is that is just the truth of it. And it breaks my heart to see t that people commit against people. But whether you're looking at a micro level, like what happens with shootings here in the United States or whether you look at a macro level like geopolitical power exchanges and intra and interstate conflicts what you see in Syria and what you see in Ukraine. Those are disgusting terrible things.
 
 War is a terrible thing. That is a famous quote.
 
 Lex Fridman: But people will persevere, people will come through. I hope so. I hope so. And I hope we don't do something that I'll probably also ask you about later on is things that destroy the possibility perseverance, which is things like nuclear war. Things, things that can do such tremendous damage that we we will never recover.
 
 But, yeah, I amidst your pragmatic pe. I think both you and I have a kind of maybe small flame of optimism in there about the perseverance of the human species in general. Let me ask you about intelligence agencies outside of the Cia. Can you illuminate what is the most powerful intelligence agency in the world? The Cia, the F b formerly the Kgb, the M mi six, massage I've got a chance in Iraq with a lot of Israelis...
 
 Well in Ukraine. Just incredible people. In terms of both training and skill just all every front. American soldiers too just American military is incredible. I just...
 
 The the confidence skill of the military the United States is really I got to interact in Ukrainian as well.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: It's just.
 
 Lex Fridman: It's striking is beautiful. I I just love people love carpenters or people that are just extremely good at their job and then take pride in their craftsmanship. It's it's beautiful to see. And I imagine the same kind of thing happens inside of intelligence agencies as well that we don't get to appreciate because of the secrecy. Same thing with, like, Lockheed Martin.
 
 I and read the the Cto of Lockheed Martin. It breaks my heart as a person who loves engineering. Because of the cover of secrecy we'll never get to know some of the incredible engineering that happens inside Lockheed martin
 
 Andrew Bustamante: bubbling Ray.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. You know, there's kind of this idea that these are, you know, people have conspiracy theories and kind of sign evil to these companies in some to some part, but I think there's beautiful people inside those companies, brilliant people and some incredible signs in the engineering is happening there. Anyway, that said, the Cia, the F, the
 
 Andrew Bustamante: I six, Massage, China, I know very little about Ms, ministry ministries state security. I don't I don't know how much you tell
 
 Lex Fridman: or just other intelligence agencies. In India Pakistan
 
 Andrew Bustamante: that vault heard. Yep. Raw is powerful and so his Is. Or Isi ssi.
 
 Lex Fridman: And then of course, European nations in Germany, France and Yeah. So what can you say about the power, the influence of the different intelligence agencies within their nation and outside?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Yeah. So to answer your question, your original question, which is the most powerful. I'm gonna have to give you a few different answers. So the most powerful Intelligence organization in the world in terms of reach is is the Chinese Ms, the ministry of state security. Because They have created a single solitary intelligence service that has global reach and is integrated with Chinese culture.
 
 So that essentially every Chinese person anywhere in the world is an inform to the Ms s, because all... That's their way of serving this is the middle kingdom, Jungle, the Central kingdom, the Chinese word for China. So they're the strongest. They're they're the the most powerful intelligence service in terms of reach. Most assets, most inform, most intel is deeply integrated with a citizenry, correct with their culture.
 
 You know what a Chinese person who lives in Syria things of himself as. A Chinese person. Do you know what a Chinese person? A Chinese national living in the united States? Things of self has?
 
 A Chinese person. Right? Americans living abroad, often think of ourselves as expat, ex patriots, living on the local economy embracing the local culture is not how Chinese people view traveling
 
 Lex Fridman: around the world. And by the way, if I may mention, I believe the way messiah operates. Is similar kind of thing because people from Israel living abroad, still think of themselves as jewish in Israeli first first, so that allows you to integrate the culture
 
 Andrew Bustamante: and... Yep, the faith based aspects.
 
 Lex Fridman: Exactly right. But the number of people as much
 
 Andrew Bustamante: smaller China. So when it comes to reach China wins that game. Yeah. When it comes to professional capability, it's it's the Cia. By far because budget wise, capability wise, weapons system wise, modern technology wise, Cia is the leader around the world, which is why every other intelligence organization out there wants to partner with Cia.
 
 They want to learn from Cia. They want to train with Cia. They want to they wanna partner on counter narcotics and counter drug and counter terrorism and counter ui. You name it. People wanna a partner with Cia.
 
 So Ci is the most powerful in terms of capability and wealth. And then you've got the idea you got tech. So tech alone meaning corporate espionage, economic espionage, nothing beats nothing beats Dg in France. They're the top. They've got a massive budget.
 
 Then goes exclusively to ceiling foreign secrets. They're the biggest threat to the United States, even above Russia and above China. Dg in France is a massively powerful intelligence organization, but they so exclusively focused on a handful of types of intelligence collection that nobody even really thinks that they exist. And then in terms of just terrifying violence, you have massage. Miso will do anything.
 
 Massage has no qualms doing what it takes to ensure the survival of every israeli citizen around the world. Most other countries will stop at some point, but massage doesn't do that. So it's the lines you're willing to cross And the reasons that you're willing to cross them, you know, there's Cia will let Americans stay in jail in Russia. Unlawful and seek a diplomatic solution. I mean, the United States has let people...
 
 There there are two gentlemen in from the fifties who were imprisoned in China for twenty years waiting for diplomatic solutions to their release. So that's it's... We do not kill to save a citizen but massage will.
 
 Lex Fridman: And then they'll they'll not just kill they'll, like, do large scale infiltration to
 
 Andrew Bustamante: amazing things. There is no... They they they spare no expense because it's a demonstration to their own people. Again, going back to the whole idea of influence. Every intelligence operation.
 
 That sees the light of day has two purposes. The first purpose is the intelligence operation. But if it was just the Intelligence operation, it would stay secret forever. The second purpose of every successful intelligence operation when they become public is to send a signal to the world. If you work against us, we will do this to you.
 
 If you work for us, we will take care of you in this way. It's a massive information campaign.
 
 Lex Fridman: Do you think in that way, say is not doing a good job? Because there's, you know, the F b perhaps much less so, jar, but the the Kgb did this well. Which is to send a signal like, basically communicate that this is a terrifying organization with a lot of power. So massage is doing a good job with that. Correct.
 
 The psychological information warfare. And it seems like the Cia Also, has has a lot of kind of myths about the conspiracy theories about it, but much less so than the
 
 Andrew Bustamante: other agencies. Cia does a good job of playing to the mythos. So when general Petra portray used to be the director of Cia, two thousand
 
 Lex Fridman: and your workout partner.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: And
 
 Lex Fridman: I work out i about this.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: So I I loved and hated those workouts with Betray because he is a physical beast. He's a strong fit at the time sixty something year old man.
 
 Lex Fridman: Let me take a tangent on that. Yes. He's coming in this podcast. Oh, excellent man. So can you say what you learned from the man in terms of...
 
 Or, like, what you think is interesting and powerful and inspiring about the way sees the world or maybe what you learn in terms of how to get strong in the gym. Yeah. To life. Two
 
 Andrew Bustamante: things right away. And one of them I was gonna share with you anyways i'm glad that you asked the question. So the first is that on our runs and man, he runs fast and we we go for six mile runs through Bangkok. And and he talked openly about... I asked him how do you keep this this this mystery, this epic mythology about your fitness and your strength, how do you keep all of this alive with the troops.
 
 And he had this amazing answer and he was like, I don't talk about it. Myths are born. Not from somebody orchestrating the myth. But from the source of the myth, simply being secretive. So he's like I don't talk about.
 
 I've never talked about it. I've never exacerbated it. I just do what I do, and I let the troops talk. And he's like, when it's in favor when it goes in favor of, of discipline and loyalty and commitment? I let it run.
 
 If it starts getting destructive or damaging, then I have my my leadership team step into fix it. But when it comes to the the mythos the myth of him being super powered soldier, that's what he wants every soldier to be. So he lets it run. And he was it was so enlighten when he told me when there's a myth that benefits you, you just let it go. You let it happen?
 
 Because it
 
 Andrew Bustamante: gets you further without you doing any work. It costs no investment for so the catalyst of the viral of the myth is just being mysterious. And and that's what Cia
 
 Andrew Bustamante: does well. To go back to your first question. What does Cia do? They don't answer any questions. They don't say anything.
 
 And wherever the myth goes, the myth goes, whether it's that they sold drugs or use child prostitutes or whatever else. Wherever the myth goes, they let it go. Because at the end of the day, everybody sits back and says, wow, I really just don't know. Now the second thing I learned from Betray, and I I really I'm a big fan of Betray. I know he made personal mistakes.
 
 You don't get to be that powerful without making personal mistakes. But when I worked out with him, the one thing that that my the one thing that my commanding officer told me not to ask about. He was like, never asked the general about his family. I'm a family guy. So as soon as I met General Portray, one of the first things I asked him was, hey, what was it like raising a family and being the commander of forces in the Middle East, Like, you were with your family very much.
 
 And the thing I love about the guy, he didn't bite off my head, he didn't snap at me. He didn't do anything. He openly admitted that he regretted some of the decisions that he made because he had to sacrifice his family to get there. Relationships with his children. Absentee he father, missing birthdays missing, we we all say, we all say, how sad is to miss bert birthdays and miss anniversary yada yada yada.
 
 Everybody knows that feels like even business people know what that feels like. The actual pain that we're talking about is When you're not there to handle your thirteen year old questions when a boy breaks up with her, or what you're when you're not there to handle the bloody lip that your nine year old comes back with from their first encounter with a bully. Those are the truly heartbreaking moments that parents lives and dies by. He missed almost all of those. Because he was fighting a war that we forgot, and we gave up on twenty years later.
 
 Right? It's he's so honest about that. And it was really inspiring to me to be told not to ask that question and when I broke that guidance, he didn't rep me. He just He was authentic, and it was absolutely one of the big decisions that helped me leave Cia on my own in two thousand fourteen.
 
 Lex Fridman: And he was honest on the sacrifice he make the the same
 
 Andrew Bustamante: man the say man who just taught me a lesson about letting a myth live. That same guy. Was willing to be so authentic about this personal mistake. Like complicated people
 
 Lex Fridman: like that. So what did you what do you make of that calculation, a family versus job? You've given a lot of your life and passion to the Cia to that work. It you spoken positively about that that world. The good it does.
 
 And yet, you also a family, man you value that. What's that calculation? Like, what's that trade off?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: I mean, for me, the calculation is very clear it's family. I left
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Cia because I chose my family. And when my son was born, my my wife and I found out that we were pregnant while we were still on mission. Were a tandem couple, My wife is also a former Cia cio officer un recovered like me. We were operating together overseas. We got the positive pregnancy test.
 
 Like so many people do. And and she cried. My wife was a badass. I was just I was like the accidental spy, but and my wife was really good at what she does. And and she cried and she was like, what what do we do now?
 
 Like, it's what we've always wanted, a child But we're in this thing right now. There's no space for a child. So long story short, we had our baby. We... Ci i brought us back to have the baby and when we started having the conversations about, hey, what what do we do next?
 
 Because we're not type of people to wanna just sit around and be domestic. What do we do next? But keep in mind we have a child now. So here's some of our suggestions. We could do this, and we can do that.
 
 Let us get our child to a place where we can put them into an international school or we can get him into some sort of program where we have... We can both operate together again during day. But see just had no they had no patients for that conversation. There was no family is not their priority. So the fact that we were a a tandem couple two officers, two operators trying to have a baby was irrelevant to them.
 
 So when they didn't play with us, when they did nothing to help us prioritize parenthood as part of our overall experience, that's when we knew that they never would. And what good is it to commit yourself to a career? If the career is always going to challenge the thing that you value most, and that was the calculation that we made to leave Cia. Not everybody makes that calculation. And a big part of why I am so vocal about my time at Cia is because I am immensely appreciative of the men and women who to this day have failed marriages and poor relationships with their children because they chose national security.
 
 They chose protecting America over their own family. And they've done it even though it's made them you know, abuse alcohol and abuse substances and who and they've gotten themselves, They've got... Permanent diseases and issues from living and working abroad. It's just an insane the sacrifice that officers make to keep America free,
 
 Lex Fridman: and I'm just not one of those people I chose family. You said that your wife misses it... Do you miss it?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: We both miss it. We missed it for different reasons. We missed it for similar reasons, I guess, but we miss it in different ways. The people, the people at Cia are just amazing. There there people that they're everyday people like the guy in the gal next door.
 
 But so smart and so dedicated and so courageous about what they do and how they do it. I mean, this the sacrifices they make are massive. More massive than the sacrifices I made, so I was always inspired and impressed by the people around me. So both my wife, and I absolutely miss the people. My wife misses the work.
 
 Because you know everything. When you're inside, it's all... I mean, we had... We had top secret. We had Ts Sci clearances at the time.
 
 I had a cat six catch well, which makes me nuclear cleared. My wife had other privy clearances that allowed her to look into, you know, areas that were specialized but there was not... There wasn't a headline that went out that we couldn't fact check with a click of a few buttons. And she misses that because she loved
 
 Lex Fridman: that kinda now. You're just one of us living in the, you know, the cloud of miss. Exactly knowing anything about what's going on. Exactly. But for me, I've always been
 
 Andrew Bustamante: the person that likes operating. You know what you still get to do when you leave Ci, you still get to operate. Operating is just working with people. It's understanding how people think predicting their actions driving their their direction of their thoughts, persuading them winning negotiations, like it's... You still get to do that.
 
 You do that every day.
 
 Lex Fridman: And you go apply that in all kinds of domains. Well, let me ask you on that, you're a Covert Cia intelligence officer for several years. Maybe can you tell me the story of how it all began? How who you recruited and what did the job entail to the degree you can speak about? Feel free to direct me if I'm getting too
 
 Andrew Bustamante: boring or if the not the Every aspect of this is super supervisor. So so I was leaving the United States air Force. In two thousand seven. I was a i was of the lieutenant. Getting ready to pin on Captain.
 
 My five years was up, and I was a very bad fit for the Us Air force. I I was an Air force academy graduate, not by choice, but by lack of opportunity like a lack of options otherwise, So I forced myself through the academy. Barely graduated with a two point four Gpa. And then went on the air force taught me how to fly and then the air force taught me about nuclear weapons, and I ended up as a as a nuclear missile commander in Montana, and I chose to leave the air force because I didn't like shaving my face. I didn't like having short hair, and I most definitely didn't like shining my shoes.
 
 And I did not wanna be one of the people in charge of nuclear weapons. So when I find myself as a person in charge of
 
 Lex Fridman: two hundred nuclear weapons, I knew that I was going down the wrong road. I have questions about this. And more importantly I have questions about your hair. So you have
 
 Andrew Bustamante: short hair at the time. I... Yeah. You have to. Military regulations you can't have here longer than one inch.
 
 Lex Fridman: Okay. And this the the beautiful hair have now that that
 
 Andrew Bustamante: that came to be in the Cia or after. This So I discovered I had Messy hair in Cia because I used to... I used to go moo. We called it. I used to go Mu Had style, big bur beard and crazy wacky hair.
 
 Yeah. Because an ambiguous brown guy with a big beard and long hair can go anywhere in the world without anyone. Even noticing him. They either think that he's a jan or they think that he's, like, some forgotten part of history, but nobody ever thinks that that guy is a spy. So it was the perfect for me, it was one of my favorite disguise what's known as a level two disguise.
 
 One of my favorite disguise to Don was just d brown guy.
 
 Lex Fridman: Can you actually would just take a million tangent what what's the business guys? What what's what are the different levels of the disguise? What are the disguise? Yeah. There's three
 
 Andrew Bustamante: levels of disguise by and large. Level one is what we also know what we also call like disguise. So that's essentially you put on sunglasses in a ball and and that's a disguise. You look different than you normally look. Mh.
 
 So it's just different enough that someone who's never seen you before, or someone who literally has to see you just from a picture on the internet, they may not recognize you. It's why you see celebrities walk around with all caps and oversized jackets and baseball hats because they just need to not look like they look in the tabloid or not look like they look in Tv. That's level one. Let me jump from level one to level three. Level three is all of your prosthetics.
 
 All the stuff you see in mission impossible, Your fake ears, your fake faces, your fat suits, your s inside your leg your feet, all that's level three. Whenever they make any kind of prosthetic disguise, that's a level three disguise. Because prosthetics are very damning if you are caught with a prosthetic. If you're caught, wearing a sudden wearing a a baseball hat sunglasses, nobody's gonna say, you're a spy. But when you're caught with a custom made, you know, nose prosthetic that changes the way your face looks or when someone pops out a fake jaw and they see that your top teeth don't look like they did in this prosthetic.
 
 Then all of a sudden, you've got some very difficult questions to ask or to answer. So level three is extremely dangerous, level one is not dangerous level two is long term disguise. Level two is all the things that you can do to permanently change the way you look for a long period of time so that whether you're rest in the street or whether someone breaks into your hotel room or whatever, it's real. So maybe that's maybe you get a tattoo. Maybe you cut your hair short, maybe you grow your hair long.
 
 Maybe you go bald. Maybe you start wearing glasses, more glasses are technically prosthetic, but you can... You... If you have teeth pulled if you gain twenty pounds, really gained twenty pounds or lose fifteen pounds whatever you might do, all of that considered level two. It's designed for a long term mission so that people believe you are who you say you are in that disguise.
 
 Lex Fridman: A lot of that is physical characteristics or. What about, like, you know, what actors do, which is the
 
 Andrew Bustamante: method
 
 Lex Fridman: acting? Yeah, the method acting sort of developing a backstory in your own mind, and then you start, you know, pretending that you host the podcast and you teach at to university and then do research and so on just so that people can believe. Yeah. They are not actually agent. What would...
 
 Is that part of the disguise levels or no? So yes.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Disguise has to do with physical character traits. That's what a disguise is. What you're talking about is known as a cover legend when you go undercover, what you claim to be who you claim to be. That's called your legend, your cover legend. Every disguise would theoretically have its own cover legend.
 
 Even if it's just to describe why you're wearing what you're wearing, it it's all a cover. So the method acting, this is a a fantastic point that I don't get to make very often. So I'm glad you asked. The difference between Cia officers in the field and method actors is that method actors try to become the character. They try to shed all vest of who they really are.
 
 And become the character, and that's part of what makes them so amazing. But it's also part of what like, makes them mentally unstable over long periods times part of what feeds their depression and their anxiety, their personal issues because they they lose sight of who they really are. Field officers don't get that luxury. We have to always always, remember, we are a Covert Cia intelligence officer collecting secrets in the field. We have to remember that.
 
 So we're taught a very specific skill to compartment our true self separately, but make that true self the true identity. So then we can still live and act and and effectively carry out our cover legend without ever losing site without ever losing that compass true north of who we actually are. And then we can compartment and secure all the information that we need, retain it. Remember it. But then return to our true self when we when we get back to a position of safety.
 
 Is it possible to
 
 Lex Fridman: do this? So i i I just have kind of anecdotal evidence for myself. I really try to be the exact same person in all conditions, which makes it very easy Like, if you're not lying, it makes it very easy to, first of all to to exist but also to communicate a kind of authenticity and a genuine, which I think is really important like trust and integrity around trust is extremely important to me. It's the thing that opens doors and maintains relationships. And I tend to think, like, when I was in Ukraine, so many doors just open to the hut, like, very some high security areas and everywhere else too.
 
 Like, I've just interacted with some incredible people without any kind of concerns, You know, who's this guys? He's gonna spreading, you know, all that kind of stuff. And they I tend to believe that you're able to communicate a trustworthiness somehow if if you just are who you are and And I think I suppose method actors are trying to achieve that by becoming something and they can... I just feel like there is very subtle cues that extremely difficult to fake. Like, you really have to become that person, be that person.
 
 But you're saying as a Cia agent, you have
 
 Andrew Bustamante: to remember that you are there to collect information. Do you think that gives you way? So one of the flaws in your argument is that you keep referring to how you
 
 Andrew Bustamante: feel. I feel this. I feel that. I feel like this, I feel like that. That feeling is a predictable character all human beings.
 
 It's a pink matter we call it pink matter. It's a cognitive trait. You are not alone in trusting your feelings. All people trust their feelings. But because what Cia teaches us is how to systematically create artificial relationships where we're the one in control of the source that is giving us intelligence.
 
 And the core element to being able to control a relationship is understanding the pink matter truth of feelings. What all people feel becomes their point of view on what reality is. So when you understand and you learn how to manipulate what people feel, Then you can essentially direct them to feel any way you want them to feel. So if you want them to feel like they can trust you, you can make them feel that way. If you want them to feel, like you're a good guy or a bad guy if you want them to feel, like they should give you secrets even though their government tells them not to, you can do that.
 
 There are men who make women feel like they loved. They love them and just so that the woman will sleep with them. There are women who make men feel like they love them. Just for them men will give them their money. Manipulation is as a core behavioral trait of all the human species.
 
 Because we all understand to some level how powerful feelings are, but feelings are not the same thing as logical rational thought. They're two different sides of the brain. But Ci teaches us how to do it systematically, tap into the right side emotional side of the brain so that we can quickly get past. All of the stuff you were just saying, all of the Well, don't you have to be convincing and don't you have to really know your story and don't you have to be able to defend it? Don't you have to have authenticity and don't you have to have genuine genuine feelings.
 
 Yes. All those things are true, if you're having a genuine relationship. In an artificial relationship, there's ways
 
 Lex Fridman: to bypass all of that and get right to the heart of making someone feel comfortable and safe. I guess the question I I'm asking and the thing I was implying is that creating an official relationship with it's an an extremely difficult skill to accomplish the level, like, how good I am at being me and creating a feeling in another person that I create for you to do that artificially that's gotta be... You gotta... My sense is you gotta be really damn good at. I I would venture to say, it's...
 
 I mean, it I don't know how to measure how difficult the thing is, but especially when you're communicating with people, whose job depends on forming trusting relationships. They're gonna smell bullshit. And to to get get past that bullshit detector, is tough. A tough skill. Well, it's interesting.
 
 So I would I would say that well maybe I'm wrong
 
 Andrew Bustamante: that I would say that once you understand the system, it's not that hard. It makes a lot of sense. But I would also say that you to your exact point, you are right that people smell bullshit. People smell bullshit. But here's the thing.
 
 If you come in smelling like goat shit. You still smell like shit, but you don't smell like bullshit. So they don't count you out right away. And if you come in smelling, like rotten in tomatoes or you come in smelling like lavender, or you come in smelling like Manila or if you come in without any smell at all. All that matters is that you don't smell like bullshit.
 
 Here's the thing that's that's one of the secret sauces of Cia. When you look and act like a spy, people think you're spy. If you look an act in any other way, you know what they never ever think you are, a spy. They might think you're an idiot, they might think you're they might think your trailer trash, They might think that you're a a a migrant worker, but they never think you're a spy. Yeah.
 
 And that's what's that lesson in everyday life. Is immensely powerful. If you're trying to... If you're trying to take your boss's job as long as you don't ever look like the... The employee who's trying to take the boss's job, the boss is focused on all the employees who are trying to take his job.
 
 Everybody's prioritizing whether they know it or not. The goal is to just not be the one that they're targeting. Target them without them knowing you're targeting them.
 
 Lex Fridman: So people just... When they meet you, they put you in a bin. And if you want to avoid being put in a particular bend just don't act like the person that be. Just show some kind of characteristics that been you and some other way.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Exactly right. You have to be in a bin. Just choose the bin. Alright. So
 
 Lex Fridman: you knowing these methods when you talk to people especially in civilian life, how do you know who's lying to you and not? That gets to be more into the trained
 
 Andrew Bustamante: skill side of things. There's body cues. There's micro expressions. I'm not a big fan of... I don't believe that micro expressions alone do anything.
 
 I also don't believe that micro expressions without an without an effective baseline do anything. So don't for a second think that I'm all the people out there pitching that you can tell if someone's lying to you just by looking at their face. It's all It's all baloney. In my world, that's baloney. Like the way you move your eyes or something like that.
 
 Without knowing a baseline without knowing that individual or that individual, you actually don't know. And an individual's baseline is based on education, culture, life experience, you name it. Right? So this is huge. But when you combine, facial expressions with body movements, body language, nonverbal cues, and you add on top of that effective solicitation techniques that you are in control of now you
 
 Lex Fridman: have a more robust platform to tell if someone's lying to you. So there there's like a set of, like, interrogation trajectories you can go down, that can help you figure
 
 Andrew Bustamante: out a person. Technically, their interview interview like this concepts. Correct. Because an interrogation and interrogation is something very different than an interview. And in the world of professionals, interrogation is
 
 Lex Fridman: very different. What's the difference. The the nature of how relaxed the thing is or what?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: So in an interrogation, there's a clear pattern of dominance. There's no equality. Got Also, there's no escape. You are there until the inter has done with you. Right?
 
 Anybody who's ever been recommended by mom and dad knows what an interrogation feels like. Anybody that been called in the principles office boss's office. That's what interrogation feels like. You don't leave until the boss says you can leave. And you're there to say to answer questions, the boss asks questions.
 
 An interview is an equal exchange of ideas. You are in control of this interview. For sure. But if we were having coffee, I could take control if I wanted to take control. I wanted to ask you personal questions I would.
 
 I wanted to talk to you about your background. I could. Why am i control this
 
 Andrew Bustamante: interview exactly?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Because the person in control is the person asking questions.
 
 Lex Fridman: All you're sitting here, as you've spoken about, my power here is I'm the quiet one listening. You're exactly
 
 Andrew Bustamante: right. Guess where this conversation goes. Yeah. Anywhere you choose to take it because you're the one asking questions. Every time I answer a question, I creating a pattern of obedience
 
 Andrew Bustamante: to you, which is subliminal so subconsciously makes me that much more apt to answer your questions. Of course you can always turn that ask start asking me questions that should...
 
 Lex Fridman: you know, so but you're saying that there's through this... This through conversation, you can call it interviewing. You can start to you can start to see see cracks in the story of the person and the degree to which they exaggerate or lie or to see how much they could be trusted that kind of stuff.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: What I'm saying is that through a conversation you'd develop a baseline. Right? Like, even just in the last the last the first part of our conversation, we've... I've been able to create some baseline elements about you. You've been able to create baseline elements about me, Maybe they're just not front of mind.
 
 From those baseline lines, now we can push through more intentional questions. To test. Got it. To test whether or not the person is being truthful because they're operating within their baseline, or if you are triggering sensitivities outside of
 
 Lex Fridman: their baseline, and then you can start to see their tells that's fascinating. Yeah. Baseline on, like even even like yeah, the tells, right, that the eye contact. Like, you you've probably already formed a baseline that I... I have trouble making eye contact.
 
 And so, like, so if you ask me difficult questions, and I'm now making eye contact, maybe that's not a good signal me lying or whatever correct? I hope that trouble making contact. Stuff like that. That's really fascinating thing.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: The majority of your eye movement is to the
 
 Lex Fridman: right Yeah.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Why you're right. My left is. Right, which is usually someone who's... If you ask my expression yes that's someone who's referencing fact.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: That's not necessarily what's happening for you because you're pulling concepts out of the air. So it's also a place where you reference something other than fact. It's a place for you to find creativity. So if I just thought that you were lying because you look up into the right, yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: I would be wrong. That's so fascinating. And a lot of it has to do with, like, how is their formed and all those kinds of things or maybe some right hand left hand type of situation. White eye dominance. Yeah.
 
 Right? It's gonna make you
 
 Andrew Bustamante: look to the right. Is this a science or an art? It's a bit of both. I would say that like, all good art heart is taught from a foundation of skills. And those skills are are played are taught in a very structured manner.
 
 And then the way that you use the skills after that, that's more of the artistic grace. So I've always called Espionage and art. Spying as an art, being able to hack human beings is an art, but it's all based in a foundation of science. You still
 
 Lex Fridman: have to learn how to mix the color palette and use certain brushes. Do you think of that as as a kind of the study of human psychology is that what the psychologist does the psychiatrist. What... From this process have you learned? About human nature.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Human nature.
 
 Lex Fridman: I mean, I suppose the answer to that could be a book. But in process will be a book
 
 Andrew Bustamante: I'll give you that. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: But so is there... Is there things that are surprising about human nature, surprising to us civilians that you could speak to.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Yes. One thing is extremely surprising about human nature, which is funny because that's not the answer I would have said. So I'm glad that you clarified this specific question. The thing that's surprising about human nature is that human beings long like in their soul, there's like a painful longing to be with other people. And that's really surprising because you we all wanna pretend, like, we're strong.
 
 We don't wanna pretend like, we're, you know, independent. We all wanna pretend, like we are the masters of our destiny, but what's truly consistent in all people is this like, longing to commune with others like us. My my more practical answer about what I've learned to be the truth is that people human nature is predictable. And that predictability is what gives people an incredible advantage over other people. But that's not the surprising piece.
 
 I mean, even when Ci taught me the human nature is predictable. It just made sense. I was like, oh. That make sense. But what I never ever anticipated was no matter where I've been in the world no matter who I've talked to no matter what soc economic bracket is that longing.
 
 Man, it it hurts. Loneliness sucks. And together this feels good, even if you're together with someone you know isn't the right person. Mh. It still feels better than being alone.
 
 Lex Fridman: I mean, that's such a deep truth you speak to and and I I I could talk about that for a long time. There is... I mean, through these conversations, in general, whether it's being recorded or not, I hunger to discover in the other person that longing. You strip away the other things. And then you share in the longing for that connection.
 
 And I particularly also detected
 
 Andrew Bustamante: that
 
 Lex Fridman: in people from all walks of life yes. Including people that others might identify as evil. Yeah. Or hard as completely cold it's there.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: It's there. They've hardened themselves in their search. And who knows what dark place their brain is in, their heart is in. But that that longing is still there. Even if it's an em, it's there.
 
 It's the reason why why in World war one in World war two, you know, enemy combat still shared cigarettes on the front lines you know, during periods of holidays or bad weather
 
 Lex Fridman: or whatever else because that human connection man triumphs overall. See, that's in part of what I referred to when I say love because I feel like if, like, political leaders and people in conflict at the small scale on the large scale were able to tune into that longing. To seek in each other that basic longing for human connection. A lot of problems could be solved. But of course, is difficult because it's a it's a game of chicken.
 
 Is if you open yourself up to reveal that longing for connection with others, people can hurt you.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Well, I would go step farther, and I would say that taking the connection away pen penalize people by removing the connection is a powerful tool. And that's what we see. That's why we send people to jail. That's why we put economic sanctions on countries. That's why we ground our children and send them to their rooms.
 
 We are pen analyzing them. Whether we know it or not, we're we're using punitive damage by taking away
 
 Lex Fridman: that basic human connection that longing for. For community. What was your recruitment process and training process and things you could speak to
 
 Andrew Bustamante: in in the Cia. As I was leaving the air force, all that was on my mind. I don't know what you were like at twenty seven. But I was a total dip sheet at twenty seven. I'm not much better now.
 
 At forty two, but yeah. You mean. But I would make it. Yeah. But I was like I just wanted to be anything other than a military officer.
 
 So I was actually in the process of applying to the peace corps. Through this thing called the Internet, which was still fairly rudimentary in two thousand seven. I had a computer lab that we went to and it had ten computers in it. You had to log in and log out and slow Internet and everything else. Anyways, I was filling out an online application.
 
 To go work in the Us peace corps. I wanted to grow my hair out. I wanted to stop wearing shoes that were shiny. I wanted to meet hip chick and have hippie babies in the wild teaching Nigerian children how to read. So that was the path I was going down.
 
 And as I've filled in all of my details, there came this page that popped up and it was a blinking red page and it said stop here. You may qualify for other government positions. If you're willing to put your application on hold for seventy two hours, that gives us a chance to reach out to you. So again, twenty seven year old Dips shit. I was like, Sure.
 
 I'll put myself on hold. If I might qualify for other government opportunities, And then about a day later, I got a phone call from an... An an almost unlisted number. It just said seven zero three mh. Which is very strange to see on my flip phone at the time.
 
 Just one seven zero three area code. And I picked it up and and it was... It was a person from Northern Virginia asking me if I would be telling me that I was qualified for a position in national security and if I would be interested, they'll pay for my ticket and fly me up to to Lang, Virginia. They didn't say Cia. They said lang, I put one one together and I was like, maybe this is.
 
 Yeah. Like this could... How cool is this? Yeah. Or maybe this is all make believe in is totally fake.
 
 So either way, it doesn't hurt me at all to say, yes. They already have my phone number. So yes yes. Yes. And then I I remember thinking there's no way that happened and This isn't real.
 
 And then a day later, I got Fedex or an overnight delivery of an airplane ticket in a hotel reservation and a rental car reservation. And then I just kept doing the next thing, which I found out later on is a form control. You just do the next thing they tell you to do. And then before I knew it, I was interviewing in a non building with an with a person who only told me their first name for a position with the National Clan test service.
 
 Lex Fridman: So you never really got a chance to think about it because there's a small steps along the way and it kinda just leads you and your maybe your personality such that that's an adventure. It's an adventure and you know... Because it's one step at a time, you don't necessarily see the negative consequences of the adventure. You don't think about any of that. You're just stepping on stepping into the adventure.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: And it's easy there's no work involved. Somebody else is doing all the work, telling me where to be in when, it's a lot like basic training in the military. Anybody who's ever been through basic training will tell you, they hated the first few days. And then by the end, it was really comforting because you just did what you were told. They told you when eat.
 
 They made decision of what to eat. Then you just... You marched when they told you to march, shine your shoes when they told to shine shoes. Human beings love being told what to do.
 
 Lex Fridman: What about the training process
 
 Andrew Bustamante: for for for becoming covered say agent. Yeah. So so the interview process is... Yeah, the interview process too. This...
 
 Was that how rigorous was that? It was it was very
 
 Andrew Bustamante: rigorous that was where it became difficult. Everything up to the first interview was easy, but there's three interviews. And some people are lucky enough to have four or five interviews if something goes wrong or something goes aw with the first few interviews. And again, this might be dated from when I went through. But But during the interview process is when they start, they do your psychological evaluations, they do your...
 
 They do personality assessments. They do skills assessments. They'll start sending you back to your wherever you're living with assignments, not not intel assignments, but actual like homework assignments. Mh. Right an essay about three parts of the world, that you think will be most impacted in the next three to five years or you know, prioritize the top three strategic priorities for the United States and you know, put it into two hundred and fifty words or two thousand five hundred words and whatever else double spaced in this font, Yeah yada yada yada super specific stuff.
 
 It's kinda stressful. But it's just like going back to college again. So you go through all of those acts and then you submit the stuff to some Po box that doesn't have anybody ever gonna respond to you. And then you hope you just send it into the ether there and you hope that you hope that you sent it right. You hope that you wrote well enough.
 
 You hope that your assessment was right, whatever else it might be and then eventually get another phone call. That says, hey, We received your package. You've been moved to the next level of interview. And now we need to go to this other non building in this other non city. And then you start meeting you start you start sitting in waiting rooms with other groups of people who are at the same phase of interview with you.
 
 Which were some of the coolest experiences that I remember still. One of my best friends to this day who I don't get to talk to because he's still undercover. Is a guy I met during those interview processes, and I was like, oh, we met. I saw he was wearing he saw what I was wearing. I was
 
 Lex Fridman: immediately connected and you like the people there.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Close. More like we immediately judge each other because we're all trained. Right. So he looked at me and he was, like, brown dude with crazy hair, and I was wearing dude that was dressed like a total ass I was dressed in, like a a club shirt. Yeah.
 
 I don't know why i thought would a good idea to go to Ci interview in, like, a clipping shirt with my buttons on button down here. Yeah. And he was like, yeah. You were really after we got in, he was like, yeah. Dude you were always really cool to talk to, but I was like there's no way that it it's getting in.
 
 And I remember looking at him and being like, dude you were just another white guy in a black suit. Yeah. They're not looking for you. But here you are. Yeah.
 
 So it's just those kinds of things were so because we were totally wrong about what Cia was looking for. Until you're in, you have no idea what they're looking for. Mh.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: And you're just you're just shooting the dark. Did they have you do, like, a live detector test? Yes. It's called the Poly, Poly graph. How
 
 Lex Fridman: effective just interesting... Or our previous this how effective of those? Poly graphs are really interesting. So one of the things that people don't understand about poly is that poly aren't
 
 Andrew Bustamante: meant to tech lie. Like they're called a lie detector. Yeah. But they're not actually meant to detect a lie. They're built to detect variants from your physiological baseline mh.
 
 So they're essentially meant to identify sensitivities to certain types of questions. And then as they identify a sensitivity to a question, it gives the interviewer an additional piece of information to direct the next round of questions. So then from there, they can kind of see how sensitive you are to a certain level of questions. And your sensitivity could be a sign of dishonest, but it could also be a sign of vulnerability. So the inter themselves, the interviewer themselves, they're the one that have to make b the judgment call as to which one it is, which is why you might see multiple interviewers over the course of multiple poly.
 
 But that's really what they're all about. So, I mean, outside of they're extremely uncomfortable. Like, they're mentally uncomfortable. But then there's also you gotta you sit on a pad because the pad is supposed to be able to tell like your body movements, but also like your sphincter. Mh contractions or whatever.
 
 So you're sitting on this pad. You're plugged in, you're strapped in, you're tied up. And it takes so much time to get in there. And then they start asking you questions, baseline questions at first and then other questions from there. And you're just answering the best you can.
 
 You never know what they're seeing and you don't know what they're doing. And it's really hard not to get anxious of that anyways. And
 
 Lex Fridman: they the whole time monitoring the the
 
 Andrew Bustamante: readings. Yeah. From, like, a big... They've got multiple screens and they've got just... It's all information superiority.
 
 They have information superiority. You're the idiot looking away from them or looking sideways of them. Mh. And trying not to move because you're afraid that if you like, have gas or if you move a little bit, it's gonna vary you from your baseline. Yeah.
 
 And the whole time you're worried, your heart racing and your blood pressure's increasing, which is a barrier from baseline. Yeah. So, yeah. Demi, it's it's a it's an interesting
 
 Lex Fridman: art or your baseline. Correct. Maybe there's some people there chilling though. And that's their baseline line.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Right.
 
 Lex Fridman: Right. But but that's what they're doing they're establishing based. I mean, I guess that means the poly is is a is a skill that you develop. Absolutely to do it well.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: So when people talk about beating a lie detector, it's not that they're telling an effective lie. That's not hard. It's not hard to tell a lie to an interviewer. What... And the interview doesn't care if you're being honest or not honest about a topic.
 
 What they're looking for is sensitivity. If they see no sensitivity, that's a big sign for them. That's a big sign that you're probably a pathological liar. If you show sensitivity to many things, then that's a sign that you're probably an anxious person and they can still reset their baseline because they can tell how your anxiety is increasing, you know, in fifteen minute increments. It's it's a unique skill.
 
 And I mean, a really good is is immensely valuable. But the... Yeah. It's the mis numerals the misconceptions about poly graphs are vast.
 
 Lex Fridman: You also mentioned personality tests that's really interesting. So how how effective personality test one for the hiring process, but also for understanding a human being.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: So personality is extremely important for understanding human being. And I would say that there's a thousand different ways of looking at personality. The only one that I count with any with any significance is the Mb i. And the Mb is what all the leading spy agencies around the world use as well.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, all kind of interesting to hear. There's been criticism systems of that kind of test. There have been criticisms for a long time. Yeah. And you you think there's value.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Absolutely. Absolutely. And here's there's a few reasons why. Right? So first Mb i makes the claim that your core personality doesn't change over time.
 
 And that's how it's that's how it's calibrated. And one of the big arguments is that people say that your personnel personality can change over time. Now what I... In my experience, the Mb is exactly correct. You can...
 
 Your core personality does not change. Because your core personality is is defined as your personality when all resources are removed. So, essentially, your emergency mode, your dire conditions. That is your core personality. We can all act a little more extroverted we can all, you know, be a little more empathetic when we have tons of time and money in patients.
 
 When you strip away all that time money in patients, how empathetic are you? How how much do you like being around other people? How much do you like being alone? Do you make judgments or do you do you analyze information? That's what's so powerful about Mb i is it it's talking about what people are like when you strip away resources.
 
 And then because it's so consistent, it's also only four codes It's super easy to be able to assess a human being through a dialogue through a series of conversations. To be able to hone in with high accuracy. What is their for code for letter code. There's only sixteen options. And it becomes extremely valuable.
 
 Is it perfectly precise? And does everybody do it the same? I mean, those things are the answers to horse are no. But is it operationally useful in a short period of time? That is a resounding powerful yes.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. I just... I I only know I think the first letter is and. Right? Yeah.
 
 I I I've I've I've taken the test before just like, a crude version of the test, and that's the the same problem you have with Iq tests. Yeah. There's the right thorough way of doing it. And then there's, like, fun Internet with. And I do mind sharing what your personality
 
 Andrew Bustamante: my my type index Yes. I'm an e n t p. That's an ex, perceive thinker, e n t thinker p perceive. My wife is an i f infj, which is the polar opposite of me. E I'm extroverted.
 
 She's introverted. I'm an intuit. She's a
 
 Andrew Bustamante: sensor. I'm a thinker. She's a feel I'm a she's a judge. Is there a good science on like long term success relationships in terms of the dynamics of that the
 
 Lex Fridman: sixteen. I wonder if there's a good data on this.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: I don't I don't think there's a lot of good data in personalities writ large. Yeah. Because there's not a lot of money to be made in personality testing. But I would say that there's that with with experience with a good Mb i test with a good paid test hundred five hundred question test. Once you understand your own code, and then you're you're taught how to assess the code of others.
 
 With those two things kind of combined, because then you have experience and learning, it's... It becomes very useful and you can have high confidence in this in the conclusions that you reach about people's professions about people's relationships with family about people's relationships professionally. People's capabilities to deal with stress, how people will perform when pushed outside of their comfort zones. Really really powerful useful stuff. In corporate world and in the Espionage world.
 
 Lex Fridman: So in terms of compressed representation of another human being, you can't do much better than those four letters. I don't believe you can do much better. And
 
 Andrew Bustamante: my experience, I have not seen anything better.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. It's it is kinda It's difficult to realize that there is a core personality or the degree that's true. It seems to be true. It's even more difficult to realize that there is a stable least science so a stable consistent intelligence Unfortunately, you know, the g factor that they call that if you do a barrage of iq test that's going to consistently represent that g defect, and we're all born with that. We can't fix it.
 
 Yeah. And that defines so much of who we are. It's sad.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: I don't see it as sad because it's... For me, the faster you learn it, the faster you learn what your own sort of natural strengths and weaknesses are. The faster you get to stop wasting time, on things that you're never going to be good at, and you get to double down on the things that you're already naturally skilled they're interested in. So there's a there's always a silver lining to a cloud. But I know now that I will never be a baller or Baller.
 
 I know that I'll never be an artist. I'll never be a musician. I'll never be any of those things. Mh. And when I was eighteen, that might've have made me sad, but now at forty two.
 
 I'm like, well, shit. Awesome. I can go be something else good. Why I'm always
 
 Lex Fridman: being bad. You're not gonna be able baller. Let me know. Because I'm not graceful. And you you've you've you've learned this years of experience.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Yeah. Exactly.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, I don't know if there's an Mb i equivalent for the for grace of movement.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: I think it's called s sensor.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Oh, yeah.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Because a sensor is someone who's able to interact with the world around them through their five senses very effectively. Like, if you talk to dancers, the dancers can actually feel the grace in all of their muscles. They know what position their finger is in i don't have any idea. I don't know what position my feet are in right now. Had to look to make sure I actually feel the floor.
 
 Right. Yeah. I I definitely have.
 
 Lex Fridman: Oh, that's good to know. So I don't you know, not a dancer, but I do have that
 
 Andrew Bustamante: you're musician, man. Like well, the music... I
 
 Lex Fridman: don't mean far Sure. Yeah. That's true. That that there is that physical component. but I think deeper, because there's a technical aspect to that.
 
 Mh. That's just like... It's less a about field, but I do know J just so, you know, grappling I've done all my life. I don't you know, there's some people who are clumsy and they dropped stuff all the time they run into stuff. I don't...
 
 I don't... First of all, I don't know how that happens. But to me, I just have an awareness of stuff. Like, if
 
 Andrew Bustamante: there's a virtual orientation.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Like, like, I know that there's a small object. I have to step over, and I have a good sense of that. It's so it's so interesting. Yeah.
 
 You're just like, born
 
 Andrew Bustamante: with that. My wife is brilliant, and she still walks into doors. Yeah. I mean, she'll walk a doorway, she'll bang her knee on the same wall that's been there for the last fifteen years.
 
 Lex Fridman: It's it's for some reason, really hilarious. So it's good. You've been asked, I think on reddit other big secrets that you know that could lend you and our country in terrible trouble if he came out to the public, and you answered, yes, I wish I could forget them. So let me ask you just about secrecy in general. Are these secrets or just other secrets ones that the public will never know or will it come out in ten, twenty, fifty years?
 
 I guess the the deeper question is, what is the value of secrecy? Yes.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Transparency. The the standard classification for all human intelligence operations is it's something called two two five x two, twenty five by two. So fifty years, twenty five years times two years. Or times two rounds. So In essence, anything that I've seen has the first chance of becoming public domain d after fifty years, unless there's some congressional requirement for it to be reviewed and assessed earlier.
 
 So by then, you know, I'll be eighty something years old or or potentially dead. Which is... Either way, that's when it's it's it can come out according to its typical classification. The the value of secrets I I have seen is that secrets create space. Secrets give opportunity for security, they give opportunity for thinking, they give space.
 
 And space is an incredibly advantageous thing to have. If you know something somebody else doesn't know, even if it's just fifteen or twenty minutes different, you can direct you can change the course of fate. So i I find Secrets to be extremely valuable extremely useful. Even at the place where secrets are being kept from a large mass, part of what all Americans need to understand is that one of the one of the trade offs to building a system of government that allows us to be first world and wealthy and secure and successful. One of the trade offs is that we have given up a great deal of personal freedom.
 
 And one of the personal freedoms that we give up is the freedom of knowing what we wanna know. You get to know what the government tells you. You get to know what you need to know or what you've learned yourself, but you don't get to know secrets. People who do get to no secrets know them for a reason. That's why it's called a need to know.
 
 How difficult is it to maintain secrecy? It's surprisingly difficult as the as technology changes. It's also surprisingly difficult as as our culture becomes one where people want notoriety. People wanna be the person who breaks the secret. Twenty five years ago, forty years ago, that wasn't the case.
 
 There was a time in the United States where if someone gave you a secret, it was a point of personal honor not to share the secret. Yes. Now we're in a place where someone tells you a secret, like that could turn into a a Twitter post that gets you a bunch of thumbs up and a bunch of whatever
 
 Lex Fridman: own opportunity.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Right. So the the value of secrets has changed And now there's almost a greater value on exposing secrets than there is on keeping secrets. That's that makes it difficult to keep secret, especially when technology is going in the same direction.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Where is the line And by the way, i'm one of those old school people with the secrets. I I think it's a karma thing again, back to the trust. I think in the short term you can benefit by sharing a secret. But in the long term, if people know they can trust you, like the juicy of the secret if it's a test of sorts.
 
 If if they know you can keep that secret, that means, like, here's somebody that could be trusted and I believe that, like, not just effectiveness in this life, but happiness in this life is is informing a circle of people you can trust. Right. We're taught
 
 Andrew Bustamante: that secrets and lies are similar and that they have a limited shelf life. If you treat them like food, secrets and lies have a very limited shelf life. So if you cash in on them, while they're still fresh, you beat them before they spoil, you get to take the advantage, take advantage of before they spoil. However, trust has no limit to its shelf life. So it's almost like you're trading a short term victory.
 
 And losing a long term victory. It's always better to keep the secret, it's always better to let the light live because it will eventually come to light from somebody else, not from you, because it already has a limited shelf life, but what you win in exchange for not being the one of cash on the secret is immense trust.
 
 Lex Fridman: Let me ask you about lying and trust and so on. So I don't believe I've been contacted by or interactive with the Cia, the mi six the F b massage or any other intelligence agency. I'm I'm kind of offended. But what what I know if I was, So from your perspective, No.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: You would not know if you were. For sure you've been on their radar. Absolutely. You've gotta a file. You got a dossier somewhere.
 
 Why? Would I be in the radar?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Because your yours was interesting.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: You're it's not... That not it's not necessarily they you are interesting to someone as a foreign asset or an intelligence collection source. But your network is extremely interesting.
 
 Lex Fridman: If works important.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Correct. If someone had access to if someone was able to clone your phone, Every time you cross a border, you go through some sort of security. If you've ever been pulled into secondary and separated from your bag, that's exactly when and how people clone computers. They clone phones. They make whatever total copies of your of your old school, planner, whatever it might be.
 
 But but for sure, you are an intelligence target. It just may be that you're not suitable to be in a person who reports foreign intelligence. We've got to understand that all people are potential sources of valuable information two the national security infrastructure of our host country and any country that we visit. Someone like you with your public footprint with your notoriety with your educational background with your national identification, becomes a viable and valuable targeted of information.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. That... So to speak to that, you know, I I take security pretty seriously, but not to the degree that, you know, it runs my life, which I'm very careful about because good. I'm glad to hear that. So the moment you start to think about germs.
 
 Right? Like, you you start to freak out and you become sort of paralyzed by the stress of it. So you have to balance those two things. You know, if you think about all the things that could hurt you in this world and all the risk you could take is it can overwhelm your life. That said, the cyber world is a weird world because it's it doesn't have the same.
 
 You know, I know I know not to cross the street without looking each way because there's a physical intuition about it. Alright. I'd... I'm not sure computer science guy. So I have some intuition, but it's the cyber world you...
 
 It's really hard to build up an intuition what is safe and not, You know, I've seen a lot of people you know, just logging out of your devices all the time... Like, regularly. Just like that physical access step is a lot of people don't take. I can just, like, walk in into the offices of a lot of Ceos. And like, why don't wide open?
 
 For for physical access of those systems, which is kind of incredible for somebody that sounds really shady, but it's not... I've I've written ke law like, things that record everything you type in the mo mode. And, like, I I did that for... During my Phd. I was recording everything you do on I your device and everything you do on your computer to...
 
 Like, people sign up to the study. They willingly do this to understand behavior. I was trying to use machine learning to identify who you are. Based on different biometric and behavioral things, which allows me to study human behavior and to see which is uniquely identifiable, and the goal there is to remove the need for password. But the...
 
 How easy it is to write a thing that logs everything you type. I was like, wait a minute. Like, I can probably get a lot of people in the world to run this for me. I can then get all of their passwords. I mean, you could do so much...
 
 Like, I can I can run the entirety of the Cia from just myself, if I was... And I imagine there's a lot of really good hackers like that out there much better than me. So I tried to prevent myself from being all the different low hanging fruit attack vectors in my life. I I try to make a difficult to be that. But then I'm also aware that there's probably people that are, like, five steps ahead.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: You're You're doing the right thing. What what I always advocate is the low hanging fruit is what keeps you from being a target opportunity. Mh. Because you're half ass hackers, or lazy hackers, your un hackers, they're looking for low hanging fruit. They're looking for the person who gets the Nigeria email about how you could be getting five million dollars if you just give me your bank account.
 
 Lex Fridman: Exactly.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: That's what they're looking for. And the thing that's scary is that if you're not a target opportunity, if you become a intentional target, then there's almost nothing you can do. Because once you become an intentional target, then your security apparatus, they they will and they will create a dedicated customized way vector of attacking your specific security apparatus. And because security is always after, Right? There's always there's the...
 
 There's the leading advantage and the trailing advantage. When it comes to attacks, the leader always has the advantage. Because they have to create the attack before anybody else can create a way to protect against the attack. So the attack always comes first and that means they always have the advantage you are always stuck just leaning on, this is the best security that I... That I know of.
 
 Meanwhile, there's always somebody who can create a way of attacking the best security out there. And once they win, they have a monopoly. They have all that time until a new defensive counter is deployed.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. I tend to think exactly as you said that the long hanging fruit protects against like, yeah, crimes
 
 Andrew Bustamante: of opportunity. And then I assume that people can just hack in if they really want. Things about how much anxiety we would be able to solve if everybody just accepted that
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, there's several things you do, first of all, I to be honest, it just makes me... It keeps me honest. Not to be a douche bag or, like, not... Yeah. To to to assume everything could be public.
 
 And, you know... And so don't trade in information that could hurt people first me public. So I I tried to do that. And the thing I tried to make sure is I... Like, home alone style try boob
 
 Andrew Bustamante: trap.
 
 Lex Fridman: I really would like to know if I was hacked. Right? And so I tried to assume that I will be hacked and detect it. Yeah. Have a trip wire.
 
 Yeah. A trip wise through through everything. And not paranoid wise just like open door. But that's that... I think that's probably the future of life on this earth as you go like, everybody of interest is going to be hacked.
 
 That hopefully inspires... No. This is outside of company. There's these are individuals. I mean, there's, of course, if you're actually operating...
 
 Like, I'm just the fool i Just a scientist person podcast in person. So if I was actually running a company or was an integral part of some kind of military operation then you have to probably have to have an entire team that's now doing that battle of, like, being trying to be ahead of, like, the best hackers in the world that are attacking. But that that requires a team that, like, full time, is their focus and then you still get in trouble. Correct.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Yeah. So what I've seen as the norm. Well, what I've seen is the cutting edge standard for corporations in the ultra and the ultra wealthy and even intelligence organizations is that we have wires. It's better if you can't prevent from being hacked. The next best thing is to know as soon as you get hacked because then You can essentially terminate all the information.
 
 If you know it fast enough, you can just destroy the information. This is what the ultra wealthy do. They have multiple phones. So as soon as one phone gets hacked, the trip wire goes off. The operating system is totally deleted along with all data on the phone.
 
 And second phone is turned on with a whole new separate set of metadata. And now they... For them, there's no break in service. It's just This phone went black, it's got a warning on it that says it was hacked. So trash it because they don't care about the price of the phone, pick up the next phone, and we move on.
 
 That's that's the best thing that you can do essentially outside of trying to out hack the hackers. And then even in your intelligence and military worlds, where the cyber where cyber warfare is active. The people who are are not trying to create aggression that beats security, they're trying to find aggressive techniques, offensive techniques that have no security built around them yet. Because it's too cost and time intensive to protect against what you know is coming. It's so much more efficient and cost effective to go after new vectors.
 
 So it just becomes like it it becomes almost most a silly game of of your neighbor gets a guard dog. So you get a bigger guard dog. And then your neighbor gets fence. So you're just constantly out doing each other. It's called the the security paradigm.
 
 People just just one up each other because it's never worth to just get to the same level. You're always trying to out to each other.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. And then maybe like banks have to fight that fight, but not not everybody can. Right. Yeah. No.
 
 So you're saying I at the state of the art with the trip wires. This is good to
 
 Andrew Bustamante: know. Absolutely,
 
 Lex Fridman: man. And and also just not not using anybody else services doing doing everything myself. So that's harder to figure out what the heck this person is doing because if I'm using somebody else's service, like, I did with Q and I have queued up now I used for cold storage of unimportant things, but a large videos. And I don't know if you know is a company that does now storage devices, and they got hacked and everybody that didn't update as of a week ago from the point of the zero day hack. Everybody got hacked.
 
 It's several thousand machines and they asked you can get your data back if you pay... I forget what it was, but it was it's about a couple thousand dollars. And the Q app can get all the data back for their customers if they pay, I think, two million dollars. Wow. But that came from me relying on the systems of other security.
 
 I was... I I assumed this company would have their security handled, but then those very valuable lesson to me. I now have like layers of security and also an understanding which data is really important, which is somewhat important, which is not that important and layering that together.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: So just so you know the Us government, the military woke up to that exact same thing about two years ago. It's still very new. I mean, they were sourcing... Take night vision goggles, for example. They were sourcing components and engineering and blueprints for night vision goggles from three, four, five different subcontractors all over the country, but they never asked themselves what the security status was of those self of those subcontractors.
 
 So, you know, fast forward, you know a few years, and and all of a sudden they start getting faulty components. They start having that vision goggles that don't work. They start having supply chain issues where they have to change their their provider. And and the army doesn't know that the provider is changing. I mean, this is a strategy.
 
 The idea of of going through third party systems is identifying the vulnerability in the supply chain, that's a that's a a savvy offensive practice for for more than just, you know, cyber hackers. Let me ask you
 
 Lex Fridman: about physical hacking. So I'm now like, I'm a introvert paranoid about all social interaction. But how much truth is there? Kind of a funny question? How suspicious should I be when I'm traveling in Ukraine or different parts of the world?
 
 When when an attractive female walks up to me and shows any kind of attention. Is that like this kind of James bond spy movie stuff? Or is that kind of stuff used by intelligence agencies.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: I don't think it's used. It's absolutely. It's called sex. It's that's the term that we joking call it is sex Yeah. But...
 
 Yeah. The the art of attraction appeal, the manifestation of feelings through sexual manipulation. All of that is is super powerful tool. The Chinese use it extremely well, the Russians use it extremely well. In the United States, we actively train our officers not to use it.
 
 Because in the end, it leads to complications and how you professionally run a case. So we train our officers not to use it. However, you can't control what other people think. So if you're an attractive male or an attractive female officer and your you're trying to talk to a yeah, you know, an older general who just happens to be gay or happens to be straight and is attracted to you. Of course, they're gonna be that much more willing to talk to an American Who is also attractive.
 
 So well hard back
 
 Lex Fridman: in all definitions, so it could be all elements of Charisma. That's... So, you know, attractiveness in a dynamic sense of the word. Those visual attractiveness But the the smile, the humor the width, the the flirting, all that kind of stuff that could be used to correct. The art of conversation.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: There's also elements of sexuality that people underestimate. Right? So physical sexuality, physical attraction is the most obvious one. It's the one that everybody talks about and thinks about. But then there's also sexuality, which is being sexually attracted to to thoughts to intelligence.
 
 And then you got all the various varieties of of personal preferences. Some people like people of a certain color skin or they like big noses, They like small noses. They like big butts, they're like small. They're like tall guys they're like bald guys, whatever it might be, you can't ever predict what someone's preferences. Sexual arousal preferences are going to be.
 
 So then you end up walking into a situation where then you discover you know, and just imagine, imagine being being an unattractive overweight married guy and you're walking into an asset or a target meeting with like a middle aged female who is also not very attractive and also married. But then it turns out that that person is a sexual and gets extremely turned on by intelligent conversation. That's exactly what you're there to do. Your exact your mission is to have intelligent conversation with this person to find out if they have access to secrets and by virtue of you carrying out your mission, they become extremely
 
 Lex Fridman: aroused and attracted to you. That is a very complicated situation. It's hard to know to trust, like, how do you know your wife? Or how does your wife know that
 
 Andrew Bustamante: you're not a double agent from Russia? There's a a large element of of experience and time that goes into that. She's also trained. And I I think my wife and
 
 Lex Fridman: I also think.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Yeah. My wife and I also have the benefit of of being recruited young and together where... So over time, you can start to figure out things that
 
 Lex Fridman: are very difficult to so when you formed the baseline, you start to understand the person's very becomes very difficult to lie. So
 
 Andrew Bustamante: most difficult thing in the world is consistency. It's the most difficult thing in the world. Some people say that discipline or self discipline, what they're really talking about is consistency. When you have someone who performs consistently, over long periods of time under various levels of stress, you have high high confidence that that is the person that you can trust. You can trust again.
 
 You can trust them to behave within a certain pattern. You can trust an asshole to be an asshole. Without trusting the asshole to take care of your kids. Right? So I don't ever wanna mix up the idea of personal trust versus trusting the outcome.
 
 You can always trust a person to operate within their pattern of behavior. It just takes time for you to get a consistent to get you consistent feedback as to what that baseline is for them. To to form a good model predictive model of what their behavior is going to be like. Right. And, you know, as fascinating as I think, the challenge is building that model quickly.
 
 So technology, is one of those tools that will be able in the future to very quickly create a model of behavior because technology can pull in multiple data points. In a very short period of time that the human brain simply can't pull
 
 Lex Fridman: in at the same period at the same space. At the same speed. Was that's actually what I did in my page dia, and that's what I did at Google is forming a good representation, unique representation acquire the entire world. Based on the behavior of the person, the the specific task there is so that you don't have to type in the password. The idea was to replace the password.
 
 But it also allows you to actually study human behavior and to think... Alright. What is the unique representation of a person? How because we have very specific patterns. Mh.
 
 And a lot of humans are very similar in those patterns. What are the unique identifier within those patterns of behavior? And that's I think that's from a psychology perspective a super fascinating question. And from a machine learning perspective, it's something that you can as the systems get better and better and better and as we get more and more digital data about each individual, you start to get you start to be able to do that kind of thing effectively.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: And it's... I mean, when I think of the fact that you could create a dossier on somebody in a matter of twenty four or forty eight hours. If you could wire them for two days. Right? Internet of things style.
 
 You put it in their underwear or whatever. Right? Some some chip that just reads everything. How heavy are they walking? How much time do they sleep?
 
 How many times the open refrigerator. When they log in their computer, how do they do it? Like, which hand do they use when they log in? Yeah what what's their most common swipe? What's their most visited website?
 
 You could collect an enormous amount of norma data in a short period of time where otherwise we're stuck the way that we do it now, once or twice a week, we go out for a coffee for two hours. And two hours at a time over the course of six, eight weeks, twelve weeks, you're coming up with a fifty percent assessment on how you think this person is going to behave. Mh. Just that time savings as a immense. Something
 
 Lex Fridman: you've also spoken about is private intelligence and the the power and the the reach and the scale and the importance of private intelligence versus government intelligence, can you elaborate on the role of what is private intelligence and what's the role of private intelligence in the scope of all the intelligence that is gathered and used in the United States.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Yeah. Absolutely. It's a it's something that so few people know about and it became a more mainstream topic with the Trump administration. Because Trump made it no secret that he was going to hire private intelligence organizations to run his intelligence operations. And fund them.
 
 So that really brought it the mainstream. But going all the way back to nine eleven, going all way back to two thousand one. When when the nine eleven attacks happened, there was a commission that was formed to determine the reasons that nine eleven happened. And among the lists they determined, Of course they found out that the intelligence community wasn't coordinating well with each other. There were five domes and there was in fighting and there wasn't good intel sharing.
 
 But more than that, they identified that we were operating at cold war levels, even though we were living in a time when terrorism was the new biggest threat to national security. So the big recommendation coming out of the nine eleven commission was that the intelligence organizations the intelligence community significantly increased the presence of intelligence operators. Overseas and in terms of and analytical capacity here in the United States. When they made that decision, it completely destroyed. It totally was inc with the existing hiring process, because the existing hiring process for Cia or Nsa is a six to nine month process.
 
 The only way they could plus up their sizes fast enough was to bypass their own hiring and instead go direct to private organizations. So naturally, the government contracted with the companies that they already had secure contracts with, Boeing, Ray, north gru, Ka, you know, you name it. And then over time from two thousand one to now, or like I said that started really in two thousand and four when they started significantly increasing their private, the presence of private intelligence officers. From there from then until now, it's become a budgetary thing. It's become it's become a continuity of operations thing.
 
 And now the reason Northern Virginia has become one of the wealthiest Zip codes in America is because of the incredible concentration of private intelligence. That is supporting Cia nsa Dia Fbi and all of the slew of Ic partners. By the way, just volunteer play a role on this. Talent here is one of those organizations that that was trying to pitch their product to an intelligence community because they have... It's a fantastic product on paper.
 
 But the challenge was the proprietary services the proprietary systems that we current that we used in Cia prior to pal here, continued to outperform pal. So just like any other business decision, if you've got homegrown systems that outperform external systems, and it's not worth to share the internal information. Got
 
 Lex Fridman: it. So what the call connection between Peter Ti and donald Trump the date of a role to play in the
 
 Andrew Bustamante: in donald Trump's leveraging of private intelligence, or that completed dis. I think that they're related but only ci substantially. Because remember Donald Trump wasn't really investing in Cia. So the
 
 Andrew Bustamante: last thing you wanted to do was spend his his network w, Lost is a term that we call influence. To arabic term for influence. Trump didn't want use his w putting teal into Cia only to lose teal contract as soon as Trump locked office. So instead it was more valuable to put Peter T tool to use in private intelligence and then, of course, I think he nominated Peter Till to be his secretary defense, secretary of state. At some point in time, he tried to present, like, presidential appoint Peter Till into a position of of government authority.
 
 Lex Fridman: What do you think of figures like like Peter Till. Do they wield and they're... I'm sure there's a figures of similar scale and and reach and power in private intelligence. What do you think about their role in power? In this whole like, without public accountability.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: That you would think directors of Cia perhaps have.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: So this is where private intelligence has both a strength and a weakness. The ultimate law overriding that that's overseeing private intelligence is not is not government legislation. It's the law of economics. If they produce a superior product, then they will have a buyer. If they do not produce a superior product, they will not have a buyer.
 
 And that's a very simple business principle. Whereas in the current national security infrastructure, you can create a k product. But the taxpayer dollars are always going to be spent. So it's really throwing things for a loop, especially during the Trump administration. And this is one of the things that I will always say I liked about the Trump administration.
 
 It shown it put a big blazing bright light on all of the flaws within our system. One of those flaws being this executive power over the Intelligence organizations and the lack of the of accountability for intelligence organizations to produce a superior product. When that light got shown down, that's when you also saw Trump start to go after if you remember, there was a period where he was taking security clearances away from retiring officers, that became a big hot issue that became something that people were very opposed to. When they didn't realize that that that process of taking security clearances away, that incentivized seasoned senior officers to stay in service. Because with private intelligence paying a premium during the Trump administration, because Trump was paying a premium private intelligence world, when when senior officers found that it was more profitable to retire early, keep their clearance and go work for Ray, Trump saw that as bypassing service to the American people.
 
 You've made a career in Cia. You've made a career in Nsa. You should stay there. If you leave, you lose your clearance because you no longer have a need to know. He upset the apple cart with that.
 
 And, unfortunately, the narrative that came out in many ways was a negative narrative against Trump when in fact, he was actually doing quite a service to the American people trying to take take away the incentive of senior officials leaving their service in order to just profits here in the private intelligence course.
 
 Lex Fridman: So in that way, he was kinda supporting the the Cia in and making sure that competent people and experienced people stay and say devices stay there.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Correct. I think that there was there was definitely... He understood incentives. I mean Donald Trump understands incentives. So he wasn't trying to incentivize them to stay, But I think he was also playing a safety card because he didn't want former Cia officials, who were not listening to him to then move into private intel organizations that he may be hiring only to then have them undermine him from both sides of the of the coin.
 
 So there was a little bit of of offensive calculation in there as well.
 
 Lex Fridman: But do the dynamics and the incentives of economics that you referred to that the private intelligence operates under is that more or less ethical than the forces that maybe government agencies operate under like what's your intuition? It's capitalism lead. So you mentioned it least to maximization of efficiency and performance. But is that correlated with ethical behavior. When we're talking about such hairy activities like collection of intelligence.
 
 The
 
 Andrew Bustamante: question of ethics is a great question. So let me let me start this whole thing out by saying Cia hires people on a on a spectrum of our ability to be morally flexible. Ethically flexible. All people at their heart are ethically flexible. I would never punch somebody in the face.
 
 Right? Some people out there would say, I would never hurt another human being. But as soon as a human being posed a direct threat to their daughter, or their son or their mother. Now all of a sudden, they're gonna change their ethical stance. Yeah.
 
 In self defense. Right? But at the end of the day, it's still hurting another hurting another person. So what C looks for is people who are able to swing across that at spectrum. For lesser offenses, right?
 
 More flexibility. I do not believe that private intelligence and the laws of economics lend themselves to increased ethics or increased ethical behavior in the short term. But what ends up happening is that in the long term, in order to scale economic benefits, you are forced to act within norms of your customer base. So as the norms of that customer base dictates certain requirements, The company has to adapt to those requirements in order to continue to scale. So if a company tries to os Lgbtq or if they try to os size men or os size women, they're limiting their ability to grow economically.
 
 They have to adapt to whatever is the prevailing ethical requirement of their customer base.
 
 Lex Fridman: This such an interesting question you you look a big pharma in pharmaceutical companies. And they have a quite poor reputation in the public eye. And some of it maybe much of it is deserved at least historically speaking. And so you start to wonder well can intelligence agencies use some of the same technique to manipulate the public like what they believe about those agencies in order to maximize profit as well, sort of finding shortcuts or unethical paths that allow you to not be ultimately most responsible to the customer.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Absolutely. And I would go a step further to say that the Covert nature of Intelligence operations is really attractive. When it comes to the private sector. Because now they have all the same money with none of the oversight and all they have to do is deliver. So without the oversight, what's holding you back?
 
 And in in a lot of... For anybody who's ever run a business, anybody's ever started to start up or tried to make something seed, we all know that there come those times where you have to skirt the boundaries of proprietary propriety or or morality or commitments or promises to other people because at the end of the day, if your business fails, it's on you. So if you promise to deliver something to a client, you've got to deliver to the client. Even if that means you stay up late or if you lie on your taxes, whatever it might be. There's there's a certain level of do or die.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. I personally have a sort of domestic view that ultimately, the best way is to stay within ethical bounds, kind of like what you suggested. If you want to be a company that's extremely successful, is when with confidence, not with cheating, because cheating won't... I believe when in the long term But in terms of being publicly responsible to your decisions, I mean, i've already been supposed to talk to Peter Child twice in this podcast, and it's just been complicated. If I were to put myself into shoes, why do podcasts?
 
 The the the risk is is too high to be a public person at all. And so I totally I understand that. At the same time, I think if you're doing things by the book and your the best in the world at your job. You have nothing to worry about. And you can advertise that.
 
 And you recruit you help recruit. I mean, that's that's the work of capitalism you want to advertise that this
 
 Andrew Bustamante: is the place we're the best people in the world at this thing work. True. I I think that you're point of view is accurate. I would also say that
 
 Andrew Bustamante: they're the complexities of what makes somebody make a decision? Can only really be properly calculated with a baseline. So because there is no baseline that you or I have on Peter Till, it's difficult to really ascertain why he does or doesn't accept invites or why he doesn't doesn't appear.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, let me ask your opinion on the Nsa. And then maybe you could mention about bulk connection collection in general in the Cia, but you know, let's let's look at some history within say snow what's your opinion on the mass surveillance? That is reported to have been conducted by the Nsa. We talked about ethics are you troubled by the from a public perception? Unethical nature of mass surveillance of especially American citizens.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: This is a topic that I never get tired of talking about but it's very rare that anyone ever really agrees with me. Just so you know.
 
 Lex Fridman: So I see where you're well, what I think there's a nuance thing here might will find some agreement. The truth is that the American experience
 
 Andrew Bustamante: after nine eleven, is nothing like the American experience now. So all the terminology, all the all this talk about privacy and privacy laws and mass surveillance and all this other stuff it was a completely different time then. And that's not to say it was an excuse, because to this day, I will still say, mass mass collection bulk collection of data. That allows for an ex identification of a threat to national security benefits all of us. But people don't understand what they want, like, people don't understand what the value of their own privacy is.
 
 First of all, the fact that people think they have personal privacy is laughable. You have no privacy. The cell phone that you carry in your pocket, you're giving permission to those apps. Constantly. You're giving commercial organizations what you and I have already said are less tied to ethical responsibility.
 
 You're giving them permission to collect enormous amounts of private data from you all the time. And you know what happens if At and T or Verizon sees some some nefarious activity on your account, they do nothing. They might send a note to Fbi because they have to according to some checklist. But when Nsa was collecting intelligence on metadata from around the United States, they were very specifically looking for terrorist threats that would harm American lives. I don't...
 
 Man, Ns nsa can clone my phone. I will give them my children's phone. I will give them the passwords to every one of my accounts. If it means that there's a likelihood that my family will be safer from a nefarious actor whose intent on hurting us. Ns nsa doesn't care about your affair.
 
 Nsa doesn't care if you're cheating on your taxes. And say it doesn't care if you're if you talk shit about your boss or if you hate the Us president. Nobody cares about that. Your Intelligence community is there to find threats to national security. That's what they're there to do.
 
 What snow did when he out that whole program. The fact that the court the justice system, the civilian justice system went back and essentially over overrule the ruling of the intelligence courts before them just goes to show how the general mass community really shouldn't have a say and what happens in the intelligence community. They really shouldn't. You have politicians and you have the... You have the opportunity to elect people to a position and then you trust them.
 
 That's what a representative Republic is. You vote the people in, you trust them to work on your behalf. They make decisions without running them by you. They make decisions that that they believe are in the best interest their constituency, and that's how our form of democracy works. It worked.
 
 We were safer. Now that we don't have that information and now that there's this giant looming question of whether or not Nsa is there to serve people or is collecting mass surveillance against all American people, that's not really a true accurate representation of what they were ever doing. They were looking for the needle in a Haystack of the of the series of transactions in metadata that was going to lead to American deaths. We are now less secure because they can't do that. And that bothers me.
 
 Lex Fridman: So he said a few really interesting things there. So because you are kind of an insider or war for time and insider meaning you were able to build up an intuition about the the good, the bad and ugly of these institutions. Specifically the good, a lot of people don't have a good sense of the good. They know the bad and Ugly or can infer bat ugly. You mentioned that the one little key little thing there at the end, saying the Nsa doesn't care but whether you hate the president or not.
 
 Now that's what people really worry about is they... They're not sure they can trust the government to not go into full their mode. And and based in your political preference, your opposition, your basically one of the essential powers the the freedom of speech in the United States is ability to criticize your government. Exactly. And that they they worry while can't the government get a hold of the nsa and start to ask the basic question, well, can you give me a list of people that are criticizing in the government?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Think about... So let's just walk through that exact example. Right? Because this is it's a prep ponder it's a it's a prop ponder fear. It's a ridiculous fear.
 
 Because of... You would have to tap on multiple elements of government for anything to happen. So for example, Let's just say that somebody goes to the Nsa and says, hey, can you give us a read readout on all the people who are tweeting terrible things about the president? Okay. Cool.
 
 Here's your hundred million people, whatever it is. Right? Here's all the people saying negative things about the government. So now they have a list. What do they do next?
 
 Well, let's just make it simple. They stay with Nsa and they say, them even more. Tap their phones, tap their computers. I wanna know even more. So then they get this prep of evidence What do you do with evidence?
 
 You take it to a court. Well guess what no court is going to support. Anything that goes against the freedom of speech. So the court is not going to support what the executive is asking them to do. Even before you take somebody to court, you have to involve law enforcement.
 
 Essentially, you have to send some sort of police force to go the individual who's in question. Well, guess what doesn't meet criteria for any police force anywhere in the United States. Arresting people who have who have who say negative things about the president. Now if somebody poses a threat to the life of a public figure or a threat to life of a politician, That's a completely different case, which means the standards of evidence are much higher for them to arrest that person. So unless you create a secret police force, then your actual public police force is never gonna take action.
 
 So all these people who are afraid of this this exact situation that you're outlined, they need the creation of a secret police force, the creation of a secret court that operates outside the judicial system, the creation of a secret intelligence service that operates outside of foreign intelligence collection also that a handful of people who don't like the president, get what whisk the way assassinated, put in prison, who knows what? Think about the resources that would be the amount of money and time and how hard would it be to keep that secret to have all of those things in motion? The reason it worked in in Russia in Soviet Germany or Russia and Communist Germany was because everybody knew there was a secret police. Everybody knew that, like, there was a threat to work to speaking out against the government. It's completely different here.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, so there's a lot to say. So one is yes. If I was a dictator and I wanted to... And just looking at history. Let me let me take myself out of it.
 
 But I think one of the more effective ways is you don't need the surveillance. You can pick out a random person and and in a public display, semi public display. You know, basically put them in jail for opposing the government whether they post it or not. And the fear that sends a message to a lot of people.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: That's exactly what you see happening in China. That's what you just laid out. It's genius. And that is the that is the
 
 Lex Fridman: standard i need the surveillance for that. Yep. But that said, if you did do the surveillance, So that's the support, the sort of, the incentives aren't aligned. It seems like a lot of work to do for the thing you could do without the surveillance. Right?
 
 But you know, yes, the courts wouldn't. If if if you were to be able to get a list of people, which I think that part you could do right. And that opposed the government. You could do that on like, just like you said on Twitter publicly, you could make a list And with that, you can start to... If especially if you have a lot of data on those people find ways in wish they did violate the law.
 
 Not because they oppose the government, but because in some other way, the parking tickets or didn't pay the taxes that's probably a common one or like, screwed up something about the taxes. I just happen to know Russia, and Ukraine, they they're very good at this kind of stuff that knowing good... How the decisions screwed everything up because especially in those countries, everybody's breaking the law. Mh. Because in a corrupt nation you have to bend the law to
 
 Andrew Bustamante: operate
 
 Lex Fridman: with. Like, the number of people that pay taxes fully in those nations is just very low, not zero. And so they then use that breaking the law to come up with an excuse to actually put you in jail based on that. You know, so it's possible to imagine, but, yes, I think I think that's the ugly part of surveillance. But I do think just like you said the incentives aren't correct.
 
 Like, you really don't need to get all of the secret police and all of these kinds of organizations working. If you do have a charismatic powerful leader that built a network that's able to control a lot of organizations to a level authoritarianism in a government they're they're just able to do the usual thing. One have propaganda again the machine to tell narratives to pick out, you know, people that they can put in jail for pose in the state and maybe loud members of the press starts selling in the press. Those There's like a there's a playbook to this thing. Right.
 
 It doesn't require the surveillance. The surveillance, you know what is useful for the surveillance. Is the thing you mentioned in China which is encourage everybody in the citizenry to watch each other to say there's enemies of the state everywhere. And then you start having children reporting on their parents and that kind of stuff. Again, don't need a surveillance date for that.
 
 Now the good of a surveillance system if it's operating within ethical bounds is that, yes, it could protect the populace. So you're saying like the good given on your understanding of these institutions, the good outweighs is the bad.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Absolutely. So let me give you just a a practical example. So people don't realize this but there's multiple surveillance states that are out there. There are surveillance states that are close allies with the United States. One of those surveillance states is is the United Arab emirates the Uae.
 
 No I lived in the Uae from two thousand nineteen to thousand twenty. Came back on a rep refrigeration flight after Covid broke out And but we were there for a full year. We were we were residents. We had Ids. We had everything.
 
 Now when you get your national Id in the emirates, you get a chip and that chip connects you to everything. It connects you to cameras, it connects you to your the license plate on your card to your passport to your credit card, everything. Everything is intertwined. Everything is in inter linked. When you drive there are no police, there are no police on the roads.
 
 Every fifty to one hundred meters, you cross a camera that reads your license plate measures your speed. And if you're breaking speed limit, it just immediately charges your credit card because it's tied. It's all tied together. Totally surveillance. That Technology was invented by the Israelis who use it in Israel.
 
 When I was in Abu dhabi and I was rear ended at high speed by would turned out to be an Emi official, a senior ranking official of one of the emirates. It was caught on camera. His id was registered. My Id idea was registered. Everything was tied back to our Ids, the proof in the evidence was crystal clear.
 
 Even still, he was Em rowdy, I was not. So when I went to the police station to file the complaints, it was something that nobody was comfortable with because generally speaking, Em don't don't accept legal claims against their own from foreigners. But the difference was that I was in American and I was there on a contract supporting the Ama mri government. So I had these different variances. Right?
 
 Long story short, in the end, the surveillance states is what made sure that justice was played because the proof was was inc. There was so much evidence collected because of the surveillance nature of their state. Now why do they have a surveillance state? It's not for people like me. It's because they're constantly afraid of extreme extremist terrorist activity happening inside Abu dhabi or inside the Uae.
 
 Because they're under constant threat from Islam and are from from extremist and their a constant threat from Iran. So that's what drives The people to want a police state to want a surveillance state. For them, their survival is paramount and they need the surveillance to have that survival for us, we haven't tasted that level of of desperation in fear yet or hopefully never, but that's what makes us feel like there's something wrong with surveillance. Surveillance is all about the purpose. It's all about the intent.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, and like like you said, companies do a significant amount of surveillance and to provide us with services that we take for Granted, for example, just one of the things to give props to the digital efforts of this Z landscape key administration you crane. I don't know if you're aware, but they they have this digital transformation efforts where you could put... Like there's It's it's laughable to say in the United States, but they actually did a really good job of having a government app. That has your passport on it. It's all the digital information.
 
 You can get at the doctor. It's like everything that you would think of America would be doing you know, like, license, like, all that kind of stuff it's in an app. You could pay this payment to each other. And that's all coming... I mean, there's probably contractors somehow connected to the whole thing, but that's like, under the flag of government.
 
 And so that's an incredible technology. And I didn't guess hear anybody talk about surveillance in that context even though it is, but they all love it. And it's super easy they frankly already, it's so easy convenient. They've already taken for granted that of course, this is what you do. Of course, your passport is on your phone.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Yeah. For everybody to have Yeah. How a server that you have no idea where it's at? They be hacked at any anytime by a third party.
 
 Lex Fridman: They don't ask these kinds of questions because it's so convenient. Yeah. As we do for for Google, Facebook, Twitter, Apple, Microsoft, we use
 
 Andrew Bustamante: security convenience around two opposite sides of another spectrum. Yeah. The more convenient something is, they're less secure. And the more secure something is the less convenient and that's a that's a battle that we're always... We're always working with his individuals and then we're trying to out source that battle to our politicians and our politicians are frankly just more interested in being politicians.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. That said, I mean people are really worried about giving any one institution a large amount of power, especially when it's a federal government institution given some history. First of all, just history of the corruption of power corrupting individuals and institutions and Second of all, myth or reality of certain institutions like the Cia mis, Well, let me actually ask you about the Edward snow. So you... Outside of the utility that you're arguing for of the Nsa surveillance program.
 
 Do you think edward known as a criminal or a hero?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: In terms in the eyes of the law, he's a criminal. He he broke the law. He broke the confidence. He made us he was under security obligation. And then when he ran away, he ran away to all of the worst villains in the world from the Us perspective to basically seek protection.
 
 That's that how you act in the face of accusation is in an an essence part of the case that you build for yourself. So running away to China, Russia, Cuba, there was a latin ecuador, I think. That just paints a very negative picture that does not suggest that you were doing anything that was ethical and upright and in favor of the American people if you're gonna run to American enemies to support yourself. So for sure, in the eyes law, he's a criminal. In the eyes of a group of people, who are largely ignorant to what they lost.
 
 To them, he's a hero. To me, he's just kind of a sad case. I personally look at Snow and as a sad unfortunate case. His life is ruined. His family name is tarnish.
 
 He's forever going to be a desperate pawn.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: And that's all because of the decisions that he made and the order that he made them. I'm not sure his name is tarnish. I think The case you're making is
 
 Lex Fridman: a difficult case to make. And so I think his name represents fighting one man, It's like Tiananmen and Square standing before the tank. It's like one man fighting the the government. And I think that there is some aspect to which taking that case aside, that is the American spirit, which is hold the powerful accountable. So whenever there's somebody in power, one individual can change
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Can can... One man can make a difference
 
 Lex Fridman: can make a difference.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Yeah. Very nice beautiful. Well I mean, that's
 
 Lex Fridman: that's the American individual. And so he represents that and I think there's a huge skepticism against large federal institutions. And I think if you look at the long arc of history, that actually is a forcing function for the institutions to behave their best. So basically hold them accountable.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: If what's nice about this is that we can agree to disagree, and history will be the one that decides. But but once Like, there's a reason that Edward Snow needs to do something new every sixteen or eighteen months. To remain relevant. Right? Because if he didn't, he would just be forgotten.
 
 Because he was not a maverick who changed history for the better. He was a man who broke a law and now he's on the run. And to some people, He is a hero. To other people. He is a criminal, but to the vast majority, he's just a blip on a radar of their everyday life that really makes no difference to them at all.
 
 Lex Fridman: So actually, let's linger out it. So just to clarify, do you think are you making the difficult case that the Nsa master surveillance program was one ethical and two made a better world for Americans. I am I am making the case that
 
 Andrew Bustamante: at the time, it was exactly what we needed to feel safe in our own homes.
 
 Lex Fridman: But what about to be safe? Actually, be safe.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: This is. So this is what's difficult. Because any proof that was that they collected, that actually prevented an attack from happening is proof we'll never know about. This is the the really unfortunate side of intelligence operations. And I've been at the front end of this.
 
 You work your ass off. You take personal risk. You make personal sacrifice to make sure that something terrible doesn't happen,
 
 Lex Fridman: nobody knows that that ever has that have to be that way. Is does it... Is it does it have to remain secret every time the Msa nsa or the Cia
 
 Andrew Bustamante: saves saves the lives of America. It does. For two reasons it has to be secret. First, the the mythos ethos Same thing we're talking about with with general Trash. You can't brag about your victories, if you want to let the myth shape itself.
 
 You can't do that. The second thing is it's once something is once a victory is claimed, The danger comes from letting your enemy know that you claimed the victory because they can reverse engineering, and they can start to change how they did things. If a terrorist act if a terrorist cell tries to execute in operation the operation fails. From their point of view, they don't know why it failed. They just know that if failed.
 
 But then if the Us or if the American government comes in and says, we took apart this this amazing attack. Now they have more information. Right? The whole power of secrets like we talked about before the power of secrets isn't knowing that not everybody has them. There's only a shelf life.
 
 So take advantage of the chocolate the shelf life, you get space. So you gotta keep it a secret. There is no technical advantage from sharing a secret unless you are specifically trying to achieve a certain tactical advantage from sharing that secret, which is what we've seen so much up with Us and intel sharing with Ukraine. There's a tactical advantage from sharing a secret about Russian military movements or weaknesses and tanks or, you know, supply chain challenges, whatever might be.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, let me argue that there might be an advantage to share information with the American public when terrorist attack. Or it is avert or the lives of Americans are saved because what that does is make every American think that they're not that safe.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: There's no tactical advantage there. You think so? Absolutely. What about if if... Yeah.
 
 If if the Austin Pd started telling you everyday about the these crazy crimes that they prevented. Would that make you feel more safe, it would make you feel like they're doing their job. Is that
 
 Lex Fridman: to you make us feel less safe because if we see confidence that there is extremely competent defenders of this territory of these people would not make us feel more safe or no.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: The human human nature is not to assign competence. So empirical, humans over value losses and value gains. That's something that we've seen from finance to betting and beyond. If the Austin police department starts telling you about all these heinous crimes that they that were avoided because of their hard work. The way that your brain is actually going to process that information is you are going to say, if this is all the stuff that they stopped, How bad must this place be?
 
 Yeah. How much more? How they stop?
 
 Lex Fridman: I I I take your point. It's a powerful psychological point. But I looking at the other picture of it, looking to police force looking at the Cia, the Nsa those people and now with the with the police they're seen there's such a negative feeling amongst Americans towards these institutions who the hell wants to work for the Cia now in the police force? Like, that's you're gonna be criticized Like, that's a... I mean, that's really bad for the Cia.
 
 It's terrible. Like, as opposed to being seen as a hero, like, for example, currently, soldiers are for the most part seen as heroes that are protecting this
 
 Andrew Bustamante: nation.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: That's not the case for the Cia cia. Soldiers weren't seen as heroes in the vietnam war.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Right? You've gotta to remember that when you So first of all, public service is a sacrifice. Yeah. We oftentimes forget that. We start to think oh, government jobs are c and they're easy.
 
 And it must be so easy to be the president because then you're basically a celebrity overnight. Public service is a sacrifice. It's a grind. For all of the soldiers... The soldiers, the the sub, the missile leaders, the police officers and intelligence specialists They all know what it's like to give things up to serve a public that can turn its opinion at any given time.
 
 And history is what defines it. The more important thing is to understand that if you want a true open and fair democracy you cannot control a narrative. And starting to share all of your victories or starting to share your biggest victories, with the intent of shaping public opinion to be supportive of the police force supportive of Cia or supportive of, you name it, is shaping a narrative. That is intentional... Operational use of influence to drive public opinion.
 
 That is something nobody wants to get into. It is much more professional to be a silent sentinel. A silent servant, humbly carrying the burden of public service in the United States where we are a, bear in open democracy.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Why?
 
 Lex Fridman: Why not celebrate? The killing have been laden.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: We did
 
 Lex Fridman: a surge discovery in the capture and the killing of Bin laden wasn't that actually the details of that, how many... How much of the details of that how he was discovered were made public. I think someone was made public enough. Why not do that? Does that make heroes out of the people that are servants or did this do people who serve to do service for this nation?
 
 Do they always have to operate in a, a manner in the shadows? That's... I think that's a very good question.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: The the folks who I left behind when I left Who continue to serve as face nameless heroes every day. I am grateful to them. The truth is that if you... If they were motivated by something else, they wouldn't be as good as they are doing what they do. And i I see your points about shouldn't we be celebrating our victories?
 
 But when celebrating our victories, runs the risk of informing our our enemies, how we operate, giving away our informational advantage, giving away our tactical battlefield and running the risk of shaping a narrative intentionally among our own american people. Now all of a sudden we're turning into exactly the thing that the American people trust us not to become.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. But then you the secrecy, and then there's there's a corrupt and Douche bag people everywhere, someone they even inside the Cia and criminals inside the Sea, this criminals in all organizations in all walks of life, human nature such that this is always the case then it breeds conspiracy theories. It does. And sometimes those
 
 Andrew Bustamante: conspiracy theories turn out to be true. But most times, they don't. That's just part of the risk of being a myth.
 
 Lex Fridman: Can you speak to some of the myths? So Mk alt. So
 
 Andrew Bustamante: not a
 
 Lex Fridman: myth. Not a myth. So this is a fascinating human experimentation program undertaken by the Cia to develop seizures for using drugs like Lsd to inter educate people through let's say, psychological manipulation and maybe even torture. The scale of the program is perhaps not known. How do you make sense that this program existed?
 
 Again, you
 
 Andrew Bustamante: gotta look through the length of time. Gotta look at where we were historically at that time. There was the peak of the cold war. Our enemies were doing the same kind of experimentation. It was essentially a another space race.
 
 What if they broke through a new weapon technology faster than we did what would that mean for the safety and security of of the american people? So right decision or what wrong decision that was guided by and informed by national security priorities. So from this program that was designed to use drugs to drive interrogation and torture people, was born something very productive, operation star, which was a chance to use remote viewing and meta to try to collect intelligence. Now even though in the end, the outcome of Mk ultra and the outcome of star eight were mixed nobody really knows if they did or didn't do what they were supposed to do. We still know that to this day, there's still a demand in the Us government in Cia.
 
 For people who have sensitivities to ether energies.
 
 Lex Fridman: By the way, is there any proof that that kind of stuff works or this It just shows... It shows that there's interest. It shows that there's openness to consider those kinds of things. But is there any evidence that that kind of stuff works?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: If there's evidence, I haven't seen it. Yeah. Speaking from a science based point of view only, if energy and matter can always be exchanged, then a person who can understand and become sensitive to energy is a person who could become sensitive to what does become matter.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. I mean, the basics of the physics might be there, but a lot of people probably are skeptical.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: I'm skeptical too. But I'm just like you should be open in minded anyway. That's that's
 
 Lex Fridman: that's actually, you know, that's what science is about is remain open minded even for the things that are long shots, because those are the things that actually defines scientific revolutions. What about operation Woods? It was a proposed nineteen sixty two false flag operation by the Dod and the Cia to be carried out by the Cia to commit acts of terrorism and Americans and blame them on Cuba. So Jfk, the president rejected the proposal. Would do you make that this was on the table operation North?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: So it's interesting. First, I'm glad that Jfk rejected it. That's that's a good sign. So we have to understand that good ideas are oftentimes born from bad ideas. I had a really good friend of mine who actually went on to become a pastor.
 
 And he used to stay all the time that he wanted all the bad ideas on the table. Like, give me all your bad ideas. Every time we had any kind of conversation. And I I was always one of those people like, isn't a bad idea just a waste of time? And he was like, no, because the best ideas oftentimes come from bad ideas.
 
 So again, cuban missile crisis mass hysteria in the United States about nuclear war from Cuba, missiles, blowing up American cities faster than we could even see them coming. It makes sense to me that a president would go to especially the part of Cia, which is the special activities division. It makes perfect sense to me that the president would go to a division called special activities. Whose job it is to create, you know, crazy ideas that have presidential approval, but nobody knows they exist. So it makes sense that he would challenge a group like that to come up with any wacky idea.
 
 Right? Come up with anything. Just let's start with something because we can't have... We can't bring nothing to the table. We have to do something about this cuban issue.
 
 And then that's how an operation like that. Could reasonably be born. Not because anybody wants to do it, but because they were tasked by the president to come up with five ideas and it was one of the ideas. That still happens to this day. They...
 
 The president will still come in but it'll basically send out a notice to his Covert action arm, and he will say I need this. And I need it on Wednesday. And people have to come back with options for the thing he asked for. A finding, he will issue a presidential finding and then his covid action arms have to come back and say, here's how we would do this and hide the hands of the Americans.
 
 Lex Fridman: How gangster was it of Jfk to inject it though?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: It's Baller. Right? That's like that is the that is a mic drop right there. Nope. Not doing that.
 
 So... Yep. Doing that.
 
 Lex Fridman: You know, a thing that crosses an ethical line even in it in the time where the human the entirety of human civilization hangs in a balance, still forfeit fit that power. That's that's a beautiful thing about the American experiment. That's a few times throughout this history that's has happened, including with our first president which Washington. Well, let me ask about Jfk.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Twenty five times two, and they still keep that stuff classified. So do you think the Cia had a hand in the assassination of Jfk? I cannot imagine in any reasonable point of view that the organization of Cia had anything I do with the assassination of Jfk.
 
 Lex Fridman: So it's not a possible to infiltrate a Cia a a small part of the say in order to attain political or criminal gains.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: I
 
 Lex Fridman: think
 
 Andrew Bustamante: financial Yeah, Absolutely it's possible to infiltrate Cia. There's a long history of of foreign intelligence services in trading Cia. From older games to Jerry lee recently with China. So we know Cia can be infiltrated. Even if they are infiltrated and even if that's inter execute on their own agenda or their the agenda as directed by their foreign adversary, their foreign handler, that's different than organizational support for an event.
 
 So I do think it's possible they could have been infiltrated at the time especially. It was a massive a major priority for the Cuban and the Russians. To infiltrate some aspect of of Us intelligence, multiple mole were caught in the years following. So it's it's not surprising that there would be a priority for that. But to say that the organization of Cia was somehow in With to independently assassinate their own executive.
 
 That's a significant stretch. I've seen no evidence to support that. And it goes contrary to everything I learned for my time at Cia.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, let me ask you Do you think say played a part in enabling drug cartel and drug trafficking, which is another big kind of
 
 Andrew Bustamante: shadow the hangs over this. At the beginning of the drug war, I would imagine the answer is yes. We... Cia has its own counter narcotics division. A division that's dedicated to fighting and preventing narcotics from coming into the United States.
 
 So when you when you paint a picture for me, like, you think the Cia was in in helping drug trafficking or drug use? When I say yes, My exception is, I don't think they did that for Americans inside the United States. If the Cia can basically set it up so that two different drug cartel shoot each other by assisting in the transaction of of a sale to a third country and then leaking that that sale happened to a competing cartel, that's just letting cartel curtail do what they do. That's them doing the dirty work for us. Especially at the beginning of the drug war, I think there was tons of space, lots of room for C to get involved in the economics of drugs.
 
 And then let the inevitable happen. And that was way more efficient way more productive than us trying to send our own troops in to kill a bunch of cartel warlords. So that makes a ton of sense to me. Just seems efficient. It seems very practical.
 
 I do not believe that Cia would like. I don't think all the accusations out there about how they would by drugs and sell drugs and somehow make money on
 
 Lex Fridman: the side from it. That's not how it works. So do you think there's a on that point a connection between barry seal the Great Governor and then President Bill Clinton, Oliver north and Vice President Former director, George h w bush, and a little town with a little airport called Mina Arkansas.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: So I am out of my element now. This is this is when I haven't heard many details about.
 
 Lex Fridman: Okay. So your your senses is any of the drag drug trafficking has to do with criminal operations outside the United States and the Cia just leveraging that to achieve its and but nothing we do with American citizens and american politicians.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: With the American citizens, again, speaking organizational. So that that would be my sense. Yes.
 
 Lex Fridman: Let me ask you about so back to operation what was because it's such a powerful of tool, sadly powerful tool used by dictators throughout history, the false flag operation. So I think there's... And you said the terrorist attacks the nine eleven were changed a lot for us for for for the for the United states for Americans. He changed the way we see the world to walk us up to the harsh of the world. I think there to my eyes at least, there's nothing that shows evidence that nine eleven was a quote inside job.
 
 But is the Cia or the intelligence agencies or the Us government capable of something like that. I mean that's the question. I guess so Yeah. I... There...
 
 you know, there's a bunch of shade us about how was reported on. I just can't. That's the thing I struggle with. While there's no evidence that there was an inside job, it raises the question to me. Well, could something like this being inside job?
 
 Because it sure heck now looking back twenty years, the amount of money that will spend on these wars. The military industrial complex, the the amount of interest in terms of power and money
 
 Andrew Bustamante: involved,
 
 Lex Fridman: organizational, can... Can something like that happen?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: You know Oc razor. So the Hare razor, is that you can never prescribe to conspiracy, what could be explained through incompetence.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Right? That is one of those are two two fundamental guidelines that we follow all the time. Right? The simplest answer is times the best. And never prescribe to conspiracy, what can
 
 Lex Fridman: be explained through incompetence? Can you can you elaborate what you mean by we? We as
 
 Andrew Bustamante: has intelligence professionals. So you see there's
 
 Lex Fridman: a deep truth to that that second razor.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: There is more than a d truth. There is there's ages of experience for me and for others. And for
 
 Lex Fridman: general people are incompetent. If left to their own means they they're they're more incompetent than they are male malevolent at a large organizational scale.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: People are more incompetent of executing a conspiracy. Than they are of competent Yeah, then they are competent executing conspiracy. That's really what it means is that it's so difficult to carry out a complex lie and most people don't have a competency to do it. So it doesn't make any sense to lead thinking of conspiracy. It makes more sense to lead assuming incompetence.
 
 When you look at all of the outcomes, all the findings from nine eleven, it speaks to incompetence. It speaks bras and openly to incompetence, and nobody likes talking about it. Fbi and Cia is this day hate hearing about it, The nine eleven commission is gonna go down in history as this painful example of the incompetence of the American Intelligence Intelligence community. And it's going to come back again and again, every time there's an intel flap, it's gonna come back again and again. What are you seeing?
 
 Even right now? We miss we missed the Us intelligence infrastructure, Mis judge Afghanistan, mis Hong Kong, mis Ukraine and Russia's invasion of Ukraine. Those were three massive mis judgement in a few years.
 
 Lex Fridman: It's it's just embarrassing is just embarrassing. Exactly right. So all the sort of cover up looking things around nine eleven is just people being embarrassed by their failures.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: If if they're taking steps to cover anything up, it's just their own... It's a it's a painful reminder of their lack of competency at the time. Now I understand that conspiracy theorists want to take inkling of information and put them together in a way that that is the most damning, but that goes back to our point about over losses and gains. It's just predictable human behavior. Let me ask about this because it comes up
 
 Lex Fridman: often. So I'm from Mit and there's a guy by the name of Jeffrey Epstein that still troubles me to this day that some of the people I respect were interacted with this individual and fell into his
 
 Andrew Bustamante: influence.
 
 Lex Fridman: Charm charisma, whatever the... Whatever the hell he used. To dilute these people. He did so successfully. I'm very open minded about this thing.
 
 I just I would love to learn more, but a lot of people tell me a lot of people I respect that there's intelligence agencies behind this individual, so they were using Jeffrey Epstein for for getting access to powerful people and then to control and manipulate those powerful people. The Cia, I believe is not brought up as often as miso. And so this goes back to the original aspect of our conversation is how much each individual intelligence agencies is willing to go. To control to manipulate to achieve it and that means, do you think there is... Can you educate me if Obviously, you don't know, but you can bet what are the chances the intelligence agencies are involved with the character of Jeffrey Epstein?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: In some way, shape or form with the character of Epstein it's a hundred percent guaranteed. Damn. That's some intelligence organization was involved. But let's let's talk about why. Let's talk about why.
 
 Okay? Yeah. There's multiple types of intelligence assets just like we were talking earlier, there's foreign intelligence reporting assets There's access agents And then there's agents of influence. Three different categories of of intelligence. Right?
 
 One is when you talk about foreign intelligence reporters, These are people who have access to secrets and their job is to give you their secrets in exchange for gold or money or alcohol or prostitution or whatever else. Right? Their job is to give you secrets. And then you pay them for the secrets. Access agents, their job is to give you physical access or digital access to something of interest to you.
 
 So maybe they're the ones that open a door that should been locked and let you come in and stick your thumb drive in the computer. Yes. Or maybe they're the ones that that share a phone number with somebody and then you're they're just like, just don't tell them you got the phone number for me. Their job is give you access. Then you have these agents of influence An agent of influences job is to be part of your effort to influence the outcomes in some way that benefits your intelligence requirements.
 
 Right? Of these three types of people, the least sc and the most shady is your agent of influence. Because your agent of influence understands exactly what they're doing. They know they're working with one guy and they know they're giving... They're using the influence to to manipulate some other guy.
 
 When it comes to powerful people, especially wealthy powerful people. The only thing that interests them is power. Money is not a challenge anymore. Prestige, notoriety, none of those things are a challenge. The rest of us, we're busy trying to make money.
 
 We're busy trying to build a reputation. We're we're busy trying to build a career keep a family of afloat. At the highest levels, they're bored, they don't need any of that. The only thing that they care about is being able to wield power. So a character like Jeffrey Epstein.
 
 Is exactly the kind of character that the Chinese would want. The Russians would want. Moss would want the French would want. It's it's too easy. Because the man had access to a wide range of American influential people.
 
 For corporate Espionage news, for for economic Espionage uses for national security Espionage uses, it doesn't make
 
 Lex Fridman: any sense. That a person like that wouldn't be targeted. It doesn't. So the question is who? Who Mh.
 
 And whether I think the The very important distinction here is was this person was Jeffrey epstein created or once he's achieved and built his network. We'll see then infiltrated. And that's a really sort of important difference Like, at which stage do connect to personally length that. You start to notice maybe they're effective of building a network. And then you start making building a relationship to where at some point there it's a job they're working for you.
 
 Or do you literally create a person like that?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Yeah. So intelligence organizations have different strategies here. In the United States, we never create. We don't have a budget cycle that allows us to create. I mean, the the maximum budget cycle in the United States is five years.
 
 So even if we were to try to invest in some Ce operation or create some character of influence, essentially every year, you have to justify why you're spending budget. And that becomes very difficult in a democracy like ours. However, Russia in China are extremely adept at seed operations, long term operations They are willing to invest and develop and and create an agent that serves their purposes. Now to create someone from scratch like Jeffrey Epstein, the probabilities are extremely low. They would have had to start with like a thousand different targets and try to grow a thousand different if you will influencers.
 
 And then hope that one of them hits kind of like a venture capital firm, Right? Invest in many hope that a few hits. More likely they observed him at some point in his own natural rise. They identified his personal vulnerability, very classic espionage technique. And then they stepped in, introduced themselves mid career and said, hey, we know you have this thing that you like that isn't really a frowned upon by your own people.
 
 But we don't frown upon it, and we can help you both succeed and, you know, have an endless supply of ladies along the way.
 
 Lex Fridman: Everything you talked to Ryan Graves, who's a lieutenant, ryan Graves who's a fighter jet pilot. About many things. He also does work on autonomous, weapon systems, drones and that kind of thing and including quantum computing. But he also happens to be one of the very few pilots that were willing to go on record and talk about ufo sighting. Does the Cia and the federal government have interest in ufo?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: In my experience at Cia that is an area that remains very compartment. And that could be one of two reasons. It could be because there is significant interest and that's why it's so heavily compartment. Or it could be because it's an area that's none... That's just not important.
 
 It's a it's a distraction. So they compartment, so it doesn't distract from other operations. One of the areas that I've been quite interested in and where I've been a lot of research and I've done some work in the private intelligence and private investigation side is with Ufo. The place where Ufo really connect with the federal government is when it comes to aviation safety and pre predominant of power. So Faa and Us Air Force and the Us military are very invested in knowing what's happening in the skies above the United States.
 
 And that's of primary interest to them. When they can rule out the direct threat to national security of Ufo, then they become less interested. That said, when you have unexplained aerial phenomenon that are unexplained that can't directly be tied to to anything that is known of the terrestrial world, then they... They're left without an answer to their question. They don't know if it's a threat or not a threat.
 
 But I think the scarier concern for the. Us national government or for the. Us Federal government, the scarier concern that nobody talks about is what if the Ufo isn't alien what if it is actually a cutting edge war machine that we are eons behind ever being able to replicate
 
 Lex Fridman: or the other concerns that it's it's a system. It's a machine from a foreign power that's doing intelligence collection. Correct. So it's not just military purposes. It's actually collecting data.
 
 Well, they fall a lot of times the federal government will see the two is the same.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: It's a hostile tool from core
 
 Andrew Bustamante: the collection of information is is a hostile act. Absolutely. That's why the Espionage act exists. That's why it's a criminal fence. If you're committing
 
 Andrew Bustamante: espionage United States as a Us citizen or a foreign system.
 
 Lex Fridman: So I guess they keep digging until they can confirm it's not a threat. But it it just... And you're saying that there's not from your understanding much evidence that they're doing, so it it could be because the occur compartment. But you're saying private intelligence institutions are trying to to make progress on this. Yeah.
 
 It's it's really difficult to know.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: There's... Yeah. There's an economic interest. In the private in the private intelligence world. Because for example, if you understand why certain aerial phenomenon are happening over a location, then you can use that to inform investors whether to invest in that location or avoid investment
 
 Andrew Bustamante: in that location. That's not a national security concern. So that doesn't it doesn't matter to the federal government. Could these z fa be aliens? Now I'm going into territory of
 
 Lex Fridman: you as a human being wondering about all the alien civilizations that are out there. The the humbling question.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: We are not alone.
 
 Lex Fridman: Do you think we're not alone?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: There's it's an imp that we are alone. If by virtue of the fact, that sentient human life exists. Intelligent human life exists. All the probabilities that would have to be destroyed for that to be true simply speak over the galaxies that exist, that there's no possible way we're alone. It's a mathematical equation.
 
 It's a it's a one or zero. Right? And for me, it has to exist. It it's impossible otherwise rationally for me to think that we are truly the only intelligent life form in all of the universe. But to think that an alien life form is anything like us at all is equally as inc.
 
 To think that they're carbon based bi pedal humanoid alien species that just happened to fly around in metal machines, and visit alien planets in a way that they become observed is it's just silly. It's the world of sci f.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, let me push every
 
 Andrew Bustamante: good scientist. Mh. It... Because we always assume that they're superior to us intelligence. Yes.
 
 And when in any scientist carries out an experiment, the whole objective of the experiment is to observe without being disclosed or being discovered. Yeah. So why on earth would we think that this superior speech sees makes the mistake of being discovered over and over again.
 
 Lex Fridman: So to push back on that idea, if we were to think about us humans trying to communicate with ants. First, we observe for a while. There'll be a bunch of Phds written a bunch of people just sort of collecting data, taking notes trying to understand about this. Thing that you detected that seems to be a living thing, which is a very difficult thing to define from an alien perspective. Or from our perspective, we find left on Mars or something like that.
 
 Okay. So you observe for a while. But then, if you want to actually interact with it, how would you interact with the ants? If I were to interact with the ants I would try to infiltrate. I will try to put, like, figure out what is the language that used to communicate with each other?
 
 I would try to operate at their physical scale. Like in terms of the physics of their interaction in terms of the information methods, mediums of information exchange, with pheromones or whatever however the heck ants. So I would try to mimic them in some way. So in that sense, it makes sense that the objects we would see you mentioned by Peter... Yes.
 
 Of course, it's ridiculous the aliens would actually be very similar to us. But maybe they create forms in order to be like, here, the the the the humans will understand it, and this needs to be sufficiently different from humans to know that there's something weird. I don't know. I I think it's actually an incredibly difficult problem of figuring out how to communicate with a thing way dumb than you. People assume, like, if you're smart, it's easy to talk to the dumb thing.
 
 But I think it's actually extremely difficult when the gap in intelligence is just orders of magnitude. And so, of course, you can observe. But once you notice the thing is sufficiently interesting, how do you communicate with that thing?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: So this is where one of the things I always try to highlight is how conspiracies are born. Because many people don't understand how easy it is to fall into the cycle. So the first step to a conspiracy being born is to have an a piece of evidence that is true. And then immediately following the true evidence is a gap in information. And then to fill in the gap of information, people create an idea.
 
 And then the next logical outcome is based on the idea that they just created, which is an idea that's based on something that was imagining in the first place. So the idea... The factual thing is now two steps away. And then three steps away four steps away as the things go on. And then all of a sudden you have this kernel of truth that turned into this wild conspiracy.
 
 So in in our example, you talked about humans trying to communicate with ants, and not intelligence. There's no not intelligent species. They're drone species that's somehow commanded through whatever, whatever
 
 Lex Fridman: whatever republicans like a typical human, but yes.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Whatever biological thing is in the queen, right? But they're they're it's not a fair equivalent. But let's look a gorillas. Let's look at something in the monkey family. Mh.
 
 Right? Where we're largely we agree that there there is some sort of intelligence there or dolphins, some sort of intelligence. Right? It is a human thing, a human thing to want to observe and then communicate and integrate. That's a human thing, not an intelligent life thing.
 
 So for us to even think that a foreign an intelligent alien species would want to engage and communicate at all is an extremely human suit assumption. Yeah. And then from that assumption, then we started going into all the other things you said. If they wanted to communicate, wouldn't they want mimic? If they wanted to mimic, wouldn't they create devices like ours?
 
 So now we're three steps removed from the the true fact of there's something une explain in the skies.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. So the the the fact is there's something i explain with this guys in the work... We're filling in the gaps with all are basic human biases and assumptions. Exactly.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: But the thing is now we're getting right back to project North wood. We need some plan. I don't care how crazy the idea is guys. Give me some plan. So that's where we come up with.
 
 Maybe it's an alien species he's trying to communicator her. Maybe as an alien, a a hostile threat that's trying to take over the world or who knows what? Maybe it's
 
 Lex Fridman: saying but you have to You have to somehow construct hypotheses and theories for anomalies. And then from that a amidst giant pile of the ridiculous emerges perhaps a deeper truth perhaps over over a period of decades and And at first, that truth is very key and then it's accepting, you know, that whole the process.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Revolving around the sun?
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. The earth revolving around the sun. And but, you know, to me, it's interesting because it asks us looking out there with S, just looking for alien life. Is forcing us to really ask questions about ourselves about what is life, how special first of all, what is intelligence how special intelligence in the cosmos And I think it's asked it's inspiring and challenging to us human beings both on a scientific and engineering level, but also sudden to feel soft level. I mean all of those questions are late before us when you start to think about
 
 Andrew Bustamante: alien life. So you you interviewed Joe Rogan recently. Yeah. And he said something that I thought was really really brilliant during the podcast interview. He said that he's gonna love hearing that.
 
 Lex Fridman: We're good. Sorry. But
 
 Andrew Bustamante: he He said that he realized at some point that the turn in his opinion about Ufo happened when he realized how desperately he wanted it to be true. This is the human condition. We our pink matter works the same way as everybody's pink matter. And one of the ways that our pink matter works is with this thing with what's known as a cognitive bias. It's a mental shortcut.
 
 Essentially, your brain doesn't want to process through facts over and over again, instead, it wants to assume certain facts in place and just jump right to the conclusion. It saves energy. It saves megabytes. So what Joe what Joe or Joe Rogan, I feel weird calling him Joe. I don't know him, but what Joe identified on his own is.
 
 What mister Ro identified on his own... Yeah. Was his own cognitive loop And then he immediately grew suspicious of that loop. That is a super powerful tool. That is something that most people never become self actual enough to realize that they have a cognitive loop.
 
 Let alone questioning their own cognitive loop. So that was... When it came to this topic specifically. That was just something that I thought was really powerful because... You you learned to not to not trust your phone
 
 Lex Fridman: record. After drinks one whiskey, All that goes out. I think that was just in that moment in time. Like, you know,
 
 Andrew Bustamante: a brilliant
 
 Lex Fridman: fashion. A moment of approach because I I think he still is... you know, is He's definitely... One of the things that inspires me Bob Joe's, how open minded is how curious he is. He refuses to let sort of the conformity and the conventions.
 
 Of one community including the scientific community, be a kind of thing that limits curiosity. Of asking what if like, the the whole... It's entirely possible. I think that's a beautiful thing. It actually represents what the the best of science a child like curiosity.
 
 But so it's good to sort balance those two things, but then have to wake up to it. Like, is is this... Is there a chance this is true or do I just really want it to be true And that like, that
 
 Andrew Bustamante: hot girl that talks to you overseas?
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Yeah. For a brief moment. There's there's actually a deeper explanation for it that I'll tell you off the mic. That perhaps a lot of people can kind of figure out.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Anyway, just to take a one step for... Because I love this stuff. Personally, I love pink... I love pink matter stuff. And your interview with Jack Bar, Jackson, good good friend of mine a good dude and incredible person.
 
 Yeah. And you're conversation with Jack Bar. You guys... He started talking to you about how his recruiters were feeding back to him his own beliefs. Because on opinions, about himself, how Smart was, how good he was, how uniquely qualified he was.
 
 That's all pink matter manipulation. Feeding right back to the person, what they already think of themselves is a way to get them to invest and trust you faster because obviously, you value them for all the right reasons because that's how they see themselves. So that that loop that the Kgb was using with Jack, Jack did not wake up to that loop at the time. He woke up to it later. So it's it's happens to all of us.
 
 We're all in a loop. It's just whether it's about oat milk or whether it's about aliens or whether it's about, you know, the democrats trying to take your guns, whatever it is. Everybody's in a loop and we've gotta wake up to to ask ourselves just like you said, Is it true or do we just really want it to be true? And until you ask yourself that question, you're just one of the masses trapped in loop. Yeah.
 
 That's the that's the really
 
 Lex Fridman: the the niche gaze into the abyss. It's a dangerous thing. It's that's the path to the insanity to ask that question. You wanna be doing it carefully, but it's also the place where you can truly discover something fundamental about this world that people don't understand and then that and lay the groundwork for progress. Scientific culture all that kind of
 
 Andrew Bustamante: stuff. Absolutely.
 
 Lex Fridman: What is one spy trick? This from a reddit I really enjoy. What's once spy trek and and you're full of a million spy tricks people should follow you. Usually amazing podcast, you're just an amazing person. What is the one by trick you would teach everyone that they can use to improve their life instantly.
 
 That you already mentioned quite a
 
 Andrew Bustamante: few, but what what else could jump to mind? My go two answer for this has not really changed much over the last few years. So the the first the most
 
 Andrew Bustamante: important spy trick to change everything or immediately. Is something called perception versus perspective. We all look at the world through our own perception. My dad used to tell me, my step had used to tell me the perception is reality. And I I was I was arguing this with him when I was fourteen years old.
 
 I told you so dad, you're still wrong.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: But perception is your interpretation of the world around you. But it's unique only to you. There's no advantage in your perception. That's why so many people find themselves arguing all the time, trying to convince other people of their own perception. The way that you win, any argument, the way that you get ahead in your career, the way that you out sell or out race anybody is when you move off of perception and move into perspective.
 
 Perspective is the act the art of observing the world from outside of yourself. Whether that's outside of yourself has like an entity just observing in a third from a different point of view or even more powerful, you sit in the shoes you sit in the seat of the person opposite you, and you think to yourself, what is their life like? What do they feel right now? You know, are they comfortable? Are they uncomfortable?
 
 Are they afraid? Are they scared? What what's the stress that they woke up to this morning. What's the stress that they're gonna go to sleep with tonight? When you ship places and get out of your own perception and into someone else's perspective, Now you're thinking like them, which is giving you an informational advantage.
 
 But you know what they're all doing, everyone else out there is trapped in their own perception. Not thinking about a different perspective. So immediately, you have superior information, superior positioning, you have an advantage that they don't have. And if you do that to your boss, it's gonna change your career. If you do that to your spouse, it's gonna change your marriage.
 
 If you do that to your kids, it's gonna change your family legacy. Because nobody else out there is doing it.
 
 Lex Fridman: It's so interesting how difficult empathy is for people and how powerful it is especially for for, like you said, the spouse like intimacy. Yeah. They stepping outside of yourself, and really can putting your self the shoes of the other person considering how they see the world. And that that that's... I really enjoyed that because How does that exactly lead to connection?
 
 I I think when you start to understand the way the other person sees the world, you start to enjoy the world through their eyes and you start to be able to share in terms of intimacy. Share the beauty that they see together because you understand their perspective. And that's and somehow you converge as well. Of course, that allows you to gather information better all that. And like that that allows you to work together better to share in all different kinds of ways, but for intimacy, that's a really powerful thing.
 
 And also for Actually, like, people you really disagree with, or people on the Internet you disagree with and so on. I I find them with these it's such a powerful way to resolve any tensions there. Even like people like trolls or all that kind of stuff, I don't derive them and just kind of put myself in their shoes and it it it becomes like an enjoyable with that, but...
 
 Andrew Bustamante: So I wanna draw a pretty hard line between between perspective and empathy. Because empathy is frankly an overused term by people who don't really know what they're saying sometimes. I think you know what you're saying, but the vast majority people listen I I would
 
 Lex Fridman: Do that, but that's
 
 Andrew Bustamante: fine. As soon as you say empathy, they're gonna just be like, oh, yeah. I've I i've heard this a thousand times. Yes. Empathy is about feeling what other people feel.
 
 And
 
 Lex Fridman: we're understanding you would you say,
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Yeah. It's it's about feelings. It's about understanding someone else's feelings feeling it's not the same as sympathy where you feel their feelings. Empathy is about recognizing that they have feelings and recognizing that their feelings are valid. Perspective is more than just feelings.
 
 It's about it's about the brain. It's about the pink matter on the left side and the right side of the brain. Yes, I care about feelings. And this goes directly to your point about connection. Yes, I care about feelings.
 
 But I also care about objectives, what is your life? What is your aspirational goal? What was it like to grow up as you? Yeah. What was it like to experience this?
 
 And how did this shape your opinion on that? And, you know, what what is it that you're going to do next? More than just feelings, actual tactical actions. And that's That becomes extremely valuable in the operational world because if you can get into someone's head, left brain and right brain feelings and logic, you can start anticipating what actions they're gonna take next. You can direct the actions that they're going to take next because you're basically telling them the story that's in their own head.
 
 When it comes to relationships and personal connection, we talked about it earlier, the thing that people want the most is community. They they want someone else who understands them. They want to be with people. They don't want to be alone. The more you practice perspective, empathy or no empathy.
 
 The more you just validate then a person is there. I in this time and space with you in this moment. Feelings aside. Right? That is powerful.
 
 That is intimate. And when whether you're talking about lovers or whether you're talking about a business exchange or whether you're
 
 Lex Fridman: talking about collaborators in a crime, I'm here with you right or i. Let's do it. Right? That's powerful. How much of what you've learned in your role at the Cia transfer over to relationships, the business relationship to other aspects of life.
 
 This is something you are closely with powerful people to help them out. What have you learned about the commonalities about the problems that people face?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Man. I would say about a solid ninety five percent of what I learned at Cia carries over to the civilian world. That five percent that doesn't. Is... It would carry over in a disaster.
 
 Right? There's knowing how to shoot on target with my non dominant hand. Mh. Really only has one purpose. It's not gonna happen day to day.
 
 Right? Knowing how to do a dead drop that isn't discover by the local police force. Isn't gonna be useful right now, but it could be useful in disaster. But the ninety five percent of stuff that's useful, it's all tied to the human condition. It's all tied to being able to understand what someone's thinking, understand what someone's feeling.
 
 Direct their thoughts, direct their emotions direct their thought process, win their attention win their loyalty, when influence with them grow your network, grow your own circle of influence. I mean, all of that is immensely immensely valuable. As an example, the disguise the disguise thing that we talked about earlier? Disguise in and of itself has mixed utility if you're a brad pitt, you know anybody know your brad you put on a level one disguise, and that's great. Or maybe you call me and I I walk you through a level two disguised so that you can go to Ar ar and nobody's gonna know you're in room.
 
 Right? Whatever it is. But even there with the five percent that doesn't apply to everyday life, there's still elements that do. For example, when a person looks at human beings face, the first place they look is the same part of the face as if they were reading a piece of paper. So in English, we start from the top left and we re left the right top bottom.
 
 So when an English speaking person interacts with another person. The first thing they look at isn't their eyes. It's the upper left from their point of view. Corner of their so Their
 
 Andrew Bustamante: face. Yeah.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Yeah. Right? They look there, and that's the the information they get is hair color. Hair pattern, skin color. Right?
 
 That's it. Before they know anything else about the face, this is one of the reasons why somebody can look at you and then you ask them what color in my eyes. I don't really remember. Because their way they read the face, they read it from left to right top to bottom. So they're paying a lot of attention to the first few things they see.
 
 And then they're paying less attention as they go down the face. The same scrolling behavior that you see on the Internet. Right? So when you understand that, through the lens of disguise, it allows you to make a very powerful guys. The most important part of your disguise is here, if you're English speaking, right?
 
 Here, if you're speaking some foreign languages that read right to left Right? If you're if it's Chinese, you know that are gonna look from here down because they re left down.
 
 Lex Fridman: So so interesting. So yeah knowing that really helps you sort of configure the things in terms of physical appearance.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: That's correct
 
 Andrew Bustamante: thing. Correct. So when it comes to how to make disguise, not so useful to the Ultra wealthy, usually. But when it comes to how to read a face or more importantly how people are going to read your face, that's extremely important. Because now you know where to find the first signs of deception in a baseline or anything else.
 
 Lex Fridman: You mentioned that the idea of having privacy is Is it is one that we kind of we think we can but we really don't. Is it possible for maybe somebody like me or a regular person to disappear from
 
 Andrew Bustamante: the grid. Absolutely. Yeah. And it's not as hard as you might think. It's not convenient again.
 
 Convenience and security. You can disappear tomorrow. Right? I can walk you through three steps right now that's gonna help you for tomorrow. But none of them are convenient.
 
 They're all extremely
 
 Andrew Bustamante: secure. Right?
 
 Andrew Bustamante: The first thing you do is every piece of digital technology you have that's that is connected to you in any way, is now dead. You just let the battery run
 
 Lex Fridman: out forever.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Forever. You never touch it again starting at this moment. What you have to do is go out and acquire a new one. Realistically, you will not be able to acquire a new one in the United States. By buying it.
 
 Because to do so, you would tie it to your credit card. You would tie it to a location a time or place a registered name whatever else. You would have to require it essentially by theft. Mh or through the black market. So you would want something because you're gonna need the advantage of technology without it being in your name.
 
 So you go out and you steal a phone, or you steal a laptop. You do whatever you have to do to make sure that you can get on with the password and whatever else that might be is as dirty or as clean as you want that to be, we're all morally flexible here. But now you have a technological device that you can work with. And then from there on, you're just doing whatever you have to do, whether you're stealing every step of the way or whether you you run a massive con keep in mind that we often talk about con men and Cons. Do you know what the root the word that Khan is a root word for?
 
 Confidence. That's what a con man is. A comment is a confidence man. Mh. Just somebody who is so bra confident that the people around them living in their own perception, not perspective.
 
 And their perception they're like, well, this guy really knows what he's talking about. So I'm gonna do what he says. So you can run a massive con and that can take care of your finances that can take care of your lodging, whatever amount. Whatever else it is. You are whoever you present yourself to be.
 
 So if you wanna go be... If you wanna be bill for the afternoon,
 
 Lex Fridman: just go tell people your name is Bill. They're not gonna question you. So the intelligence, the natural web of intelligence gathering systems we have in the United States and in the world, are they going to believe for long that your bill? I are they...
 
 Andrew Bustamante: Until you do something that makes them think otherwise? If you are consistent, we talked about consistency being the super superpower. If you are consistent, they will think your bill forever.
 
 Lex Fridman: How how difficult is that
 
 Andrew Bustamante: is that to do? It's it's not convenient. It's quite difficult Is that, like required training it does require training. Because why do criminals always get caught because they stop being
 
 Andrew Bustamante: consistent. Criminals, I I've I've... As... I I never hesitate to admit this, but people tell me I should hesitate to admit it. So now I hesitate because of the guidance I've gotten to hesitate.
 
 Right? I like criminals. I'm friends with a number of criminals. Because the only people who get me like, right away who get me are criminals because we know what it's like to basically abandon all the rules do our own thing our own way and watch the world just keep turning. Yeah.
 
 Most people are so stuck in the in the trap of normal thought and behavior that when I tell them, they just don't just go tell people, your name is bill. Mh. Most people are gonna say, that's not kinda work. Yeah. But criminal Be like, oh, yeah.
 
 I did that once. Yeah. I just told everybody. My name is Nancy. Dude.
 
 And they still believe me. Yeah. Criminals just get it. Right? Yeah.
 
 So what happens with criminals is they go to the school of hard knocks. They go to they learn criminal behavior on the job. Spies go to school. We go to the best spy school in the world. We go to Lang, the farm, right?
 
 What's known as field tree craft course, Ftc. In a Covert location for Covid period of time and Covert Covert Covert. So anybody watching i'm not breaking any rules. That's on wikipedia, but it's not coming from me.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: But we do... That's how we do it. They train us from a hundred years of experience in the best ways to carry out covid operations. Which are all just criminal activities overseas. We learn how to do it the right way so that we don't get caught.
 
 We learned how to be consistent. More importantly, we learned how to create an operation that has a limited lifespan. Because the longer it lives, the more at risk you are. So you want operations to be shorts concise, on the x off the x, limit your room for mistakes. Criminals want the default to wanting of these long term operations because they don't wanna have to recreate a new way to make money every fifteen days.
 
 You
 
 Lex Fridman: mentioned if money from the say is watching So I've I've I've seen you talk about the fact that sort of people that are currently working at the Cia would kind of look down and the people who left to say and they they divide them, especially if you go public especially if there's a book and all that kind of stuff. Do you feel the pressure that to be quiet to to not to to, you
 
 Andrew Bustamante: know,
 
 Lex Fridman: to not do something like this conversation that we're doing today.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: I feel the silent judgments. It's that's very real. Feel it for myself, and I feel it for my wife who doesn't appear on camera very often, but who's also former Cia. We we both feel the judgment. We know that right now Three days after this is released somebody's gonna send an email on a closed network system inside Ci headquarters.
 
 And there's a bunch of people who are gonna laugh at it. A bunch of people who are gonna say that who knows what it's
 
 Andrew Bustamante: not a bunch of people you respect probably. A bunch of people who I'm trying to bring
 
 Andrew Bustamante: on to. Whether I know them or respect them as a relevance, these are people who are out there doing the the deed every day. And I wanna bring them honor her. And I wanna do that in a way that I get to share what they can't share and what they won't share when they leave because they will also feel the silent pressure. The pressure to the shame, the judgment.
 
 Right? But the truth is that I've I've done this now long enough. The first few times that I spoke out publicly, the response to being a positive voice for what the sacrifices that people are making. It's so refreshing to be an honest voice that people don't normally hear that it's too important. One day, I'm gonna be gone and my kids are gonna look back on all this and they're gonna see their dad trying to do the right thing for the right reasons.
 
 And even if my son or daughter ends up at Cia and even if they get rid of being, no, you're the boost a monte kid, right, Your dad's total sell out, whatever it might be. Like, I want them to know, you know, dad was doing what he could to bring on her to the organization even when he couldn't stay in the organization anymore.
 
 Lex Fridman: So you said when you're were twenty seven, I think you know what the hell you're doing. So now that you're a few years older and wiser Let me ask you to put on your wise sage hat and give advice to other twenty seven year olds or even younger, seventeen, eighteen year olds. They're just out of high school maybe going to college. Trying to figure out this life this career thing that they're on. What advice would you give them about how to have a career or how to have a life that can be proud of.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: What's a powerful question, man?
 
 Lex Fridman: Had you figured it out yeah. Yourself? No.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: I'm... I think I'm a man... I'm grand total of seven days smarter than I was at twenty seven. It's not a good roger.
 
 Lex Fridman: There's still
 
 Andrew Bustamante: time. There's still time. So for all the young people out there, deciding what to do. I'm... I would just say the same thing that I would say that I do say and I will say to my own kids.
 
 You only have one life you only have one chance. If you spend it doing what other people expect you to do, you will wake up to your regret at some point. I woke up when I was thirty eight years old. My wife in many ways is still waking up to it. As she watches her grandparents pass and and an older generation passed away.
 
 The folks that I've that really have a blessed life are the people who learn early on to live with their own rules live their own way. And live every day as if it's the last day, Not necessarily to waste it by being wasteful or silly, but to recognize that today is a day to be productive and constructive for yourself. If you don't want a career, today is not today to start pursuing a career just because someone else told you to do it. If you wanna learn a language today's a day, to find a way to buy a ticket to another country and learn through immersion. If you want a date, if you wanna get married, if you want a business, today is the day to just go out and take one step in that direction.
 
 And as long as you every day, you just make one new step just like Cia recruited me. Just do the next thing. If the fur... If the step seems like it's too big, then there's probably two other steps that you can do before that. Just make constant progress, build momentum, move forward and live on your own terms.
 
 That way you don't ever wake up to the regret.
 
 Lex Fridman: And it'll be over before you know
 
 Andrew Bustamante: it. Whether you were regret or not, it's true.
 
 Lex Fridman: What what do you think is the meaning of this whole thing What's the meaning of life, self respect.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: I that's a fast answer. There's a story behind it if you want the story.
 
 Lex Fridman: I would love to have this story.
 
 Andrew Bustamante: There's a Covert training base in Alabama in the in South far south and like the Arm Pit of America where elite tier one operators go to learn human intelligence stuff. And there's a bar inside this base. And on the wall is just it's scribble of opinions. And the the question in the middle of the wall says what's the meaning of life mh. And all these lead operators over the last twenty five or thirty years, they all go they get drunk and they scribble their answer and they circle it with a sharpie.
 
 Right? Love family, America, freedom. Right, Whatever. And then there... The only thing i have to do is that they're gonna write something on there.
 
 They have to connect it with something else on the wall, at least one other thing. So if they write love, they can't just leave a floating there, they have to right love in a little bubble and connect it to something else. Connected to family, whatever else. When you look at that wall, the word self respect is on the wall. And it's got a circle around it.
 
 And then you can't see any other word because of all the things that connect to self respect. Just dozens of people have written over have written their words down been been drawn and scribble over because of all the lines that connect self respect. So what's the meaning of life? From my point of view, I've never seen a better answer. It's all self respect.
 
 You don't respect yourself, how can you do anything else? How can you love someone else if you don't have stuff respect? How can you build the business you're proud if you don't have self respect? How can you raise kids? How can you make a difference?
 
 How can you pioneer anything? How can you just wake up and have a good day? If you don't have self respect.
 
 Lex Fridman: Power of the individual, that's what That's what makes this country great. I to say after traveling quite a bit in Europe and especially in in a in a place of war. Coming back to the United States makes me really appreciate about the the the the better angels of this nation that deals stands for the values stands for. And I'd like to thank you for serving this nation for time and humanity for time. And for being brave enough and bold enough to still talk about it.
 
 And to inspire others to educate others for having many amazing conversations and for honoring me by having this conversation today. You're you're an amazing human Thanks so much for talking today. Alexa, I appreciate the invite man it was joy. Thanks for listening to this conversation with Andrew Boost Monte. To support this podcast, please check out our sponsors in the description.
 
 And now let me leave you some words from Sun tzu in the art of war. Like your plans be dark and imp as night. And when you move fall, like a thunderbolt, Thank you for listening. Hope this see you next
 
 Andrew Bustamante: time.