
 Bishop Robert Barron: we're beyond good and evil, you know, and all of us left is the will to power, then why are we surprised that the powerful rise and if they use the powerless for their purposes. When we forget ideas like equality and rights, which are grounded in God, why are we surprised that death camps follow.
 
 Lex Fridman: The following is a conversation with Bishop Robert Baron. founder of Word on Fire and one of the greatest educators in the world on the beauty and wisdom within Catholicism, Christianity, and religious faith in general. This is a lax treatment podcast to support it. Please check out our sponsors in the description, and now do your friends Here's Bishop Robert Baron. Let's start with the big question.
 
 Who is God? according to Christianity, according to Catholicism. Who's God? I'll
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: give you Thomas Aquains' definition. God is Ipsum SA subsystems. God is the subsistent act of to be itself. Another way to state that in Aquinas is God is that reality unique, absolutely unique. in which essence and existence coincide.
 
 To be God is to be to be. Those are all ways of talking about what we mean by God. they are kind of nomadic, and and that's on purpose. There's almost a zen coin kind of quality about the way we talk about gauntlet. I'm saying something that's substantive, but it's more in like a via negative mode.
 
 It's more like what God is not because There's nothing in the world that would correspond to those descriptions. So anything in the world would be a being of some type or an event of some type. some particular mode of existence. And God is not an entity in the world. If I I would say that's the fundamental mistake that atheists all the new make all the time is they think of God as a big being.
 
 What Aquinas says that God is not in any genius, even the genius of being. It's one of the strangest remarks in the whole tradition was really interesting. So you say, well, at the very least God must be a being. Right? And Aquinas' answer is no.
 
 He's not in the genius of being. So we talk about God being beyond being and so on. To say in God, essence and existence coincide is to say God's very nature is to be, and that can't be true of any contingent thing in the world. So what I'm doing there is I'm I'm gesturing the way the tradition does toward God using language that's at the same time philosophically precise and nomenic. You know, it's it's both accurate.
 
 It's true. God, essence and existence coincide. what God is is the same as God's active to be. But now what does that mean? I'm not quite sure because nothing in our ordinary experience corresponds to that.
 
 everything in our experience is is a being of some type. So it's existence received according to the mode of some essence. That's not true of God, which is why he can't be found in the world. And and that's, as I say, the fundamental mistake is Oh, I guess theists are those that believe there's this being alongside the other beings in the universe. And an atheist say, oh, no, there is no such being.
 
 And that's precisely wrong. That's just a category error. Dalkins, I think, cites Burton Russell. to the fact that proving the non existence of God is a bit like proving the non existence of a China teapot orbiting between Earth and Mars. you know, no.
 
 That's precisely what God is not. Some entity that's sort of hidden among the other entities of the universe. God is the reason why there's a contingent realm at all. This is the way to put
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: it. In
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: more theological language, God's the creator of all things.
 
 Lex Fridman: So if God is outside of our world, is it possible for us to visualize, to comprehend to know God. Not utterly, of course. And I would say, our knowledge begins
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: always in this world, begins in ordinary experience, but I think we can through metaphysical analysis, through philosophical reasoning can come to some knowledge of a reality which is transcendent to our experience. so we gesture toward it. I I always like a queerness who says the language about God that we use as analogical. So it's not it's not univocal. Meaning, what I say about that, you know, can or about this bottle, I can say about God.
 
 No. That makes God an entity. At the same time, it's not simply equivocal. So if I say, well, that thing is and God is, I mean totally different things. No.
 
 No. I mean something analogous. Mhmm. So to be God is to be to be. So the real meaning of being is the being of God.
 
 The being of that thing or this thing or the being of galaxies or subatomic particles would be analogous to god's manner of being. So on that basis, I can make some statements. I can I can theorize, and even at the limit as you suggest, I can visualize. So we have metaphors for God, and The Bible is replete with those. Right?
 
 So God is a rock. You know, God's like a lion. God's like this and that. The Bible will sometimes imagine God as a as a human being walking around, you know. Now, only the crude as fundamentalism would say, well, that's a a mythical accurate description of God.
 
 Lex Fridman: It's an image that's catching something of God's manner of being. Then what does it mean to believe in God. So there's a word and we
 
 Lex Fridman: have to limit ourselves to human interpretable words today. there's a word called faith. What does faith mean? So if we can't really directly know god, You kinda sneak up to the idea of God with metaphors.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Better he sneaks up on us because I I like the language of grace. God's action comes first. So if I stay perfectly within the realm of I'm seeking with my kind of eagle eyes and and my inquiring mind. I'm not gonna find God that way. I I might find a path that opens up, but I would say finally God finds me, and I think then the language of faith begins to make more sense.
 
 I'm with Paul Tillek though, the President theologians said the most misunderstood word in the religious vocabularies faith. Because he said the way we take it usually is something subrachial. you know, I have I have proof of this. I I really know this and I only kind of believe that. Like I that's just a personal opinion or impression.
 
 But that's to identify faith with the kind of infra rational. And and that's not it. I mean, I I don't want something infra rational. I don't want superstition or or childish credulity. So authentic faith is is the darkness beyond reason.
 
 And on the far side of reason, it's it's super irrational, not infra rational. And that's a very important move. At the limit of what I can know, at the limit of my striving and my vision, there's this horizon that opens up. And I think that's true even in ordinary ways of knowing. There's kind of a horizon that lures us beyond what I've got.
 
 faith has to do more with that kind of darkness rather than a darkness prior to reason. The
 
 Lex Fridman: darkness beyond the horizon prior to reason, first of all, the poetry of your language is incredible. To beat, you have a million questions. Yeah. Go ahead. I do too.
 
 So first of all, let me just jump around. You mentioned to be to be a few times. Yeah. What does that mean?
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Well, to be me is to be a human being. Right? To be this, to be a table, to be this, to be a microphone. So it's I'll use Aquinas' language. It's the act of being poured if you want into the receptacle of some essential principle.
 
 So it's got a ontological structure. It's it's an existent It's a thing that exists, but it's it's existing in a limited way according to essential principle. God. Well, what's God? What's God's name?
 
 What kind of being is he? We'll go back to Moses now. when the Israelites ask me, you know, what's your name? What shall I tell them? And he says, you know, famously, I am who I am.
 
 But see Aquinas reads that as a very accurate remark. So Moses is wondering, okay, there's a lot of gods and there's a lot of things, a lot of entities, which one are you? You gotta be one of them. So tell me your name. in philosophical language, give me the essence that receives your act of existing.
 
 Right? And God's answer blows the mind of of Moses and the whole tradition. I am who I am. To be God is to be. So I'm not this or that.
 
 I'm not up or down. I'm not here or there. God is that who centers every word whose circumference is nowhere as as the mystics put in. Now, can I get a clear and distinct idea of that no, and in a way that's the whole point, If I could, I'd be talking about a being of some kind. So to be God is to be to be is to And as you know, Moses take off your sandals, you're on holy ground.
 
 So I'm gonna go over confidently and find out what this thing is, this burning bush. I'm gonna find out. No. No. No.
 
 Take off your shoes. You're on holy ground because you're not in charge here. You're not in command because if you got shoes on, you can walk wherever you want. You can walk with confidence. But if you take your shoes off, you're much more vulnerable.
 
 And that's appropriate when you're talking about God. You know? Here's not the anything about the burning bush in in in this connection before. But It's a bush that's on fire but not consumed. Is beings are competitive with each other.
 
 And so I these can't be in the same place at the same time. These two beings. They're they're mutually exclusive if you want. But as God comes close to a creature, He doesn't destroy it or consume it. Mhmm.
 
 But the creature becomes more beautiful and more radiant. Right? And so compare it to the to the classical gods and goddesses. When when they come bursting into life and experience, things are incinerated and and people give way and they're overwhelmed. Then there's this biblical idea of god comes close and sets things on fire, but doesn't burn them up.
 
 And that's because he's not a competitive being in the world. If he were a big being, then he'd be in this he'd be competing for space, so to speak, on the same ontological grid. But he's not like that. So God can come close and we come more fully alive. Now we're starting to gesture toward the incarnation.
 
 I mean, the central Christian doctrine that God can actually become a human without overwhelming the human he becomes. Right? So I mean, that's that's kind of the next step. But The basic idea of God is non competitively transcendent to the world. That's another way to get at
 
 Lex Fridman: it. Non competitively trans send into the world. So it's beyond being is the source of being Right.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Let me make it maybe more more imagistic. I think a really good analogy would be author to book. Right? So, like Tolkien or someone that writes one of these big sprawling novels. And Tolkien is good too because he creates a whole world.
 
 He creates a new nature, a new language, new history. Think of, you know, the thousands of characters and the plots and some plots and all of it. Tolkien is utterly responsible for every bit of that story. Right? Every character, every plot, every subplot, every description and he's completely responsible.
 
 He's involved in every nook and cranny of it. But he's not in the story. He's not in the book. You're not gonna find him as a character in the book. So that's the category mistake of of the atheist in a way as I'm looking for God.
 
 He's he's a character in this story somewhere. know he's the author of the story. Asteriously present to every aspect of the story, but not a character in it. Right.
 
 Lex Fridman: He is deeply in the story
 
 Lex Fridman: somehow. He's
 
 Lex Fridman: present, but he's not there even if he is a character, he's not really the full embodiment is not a character, and people inside the book can't really know about the author. Right.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: And all right. Well, see, Augustine says, God is simultaneously in Timio or in Timo Mayo at Superior Sumo Mayo. He's closer to me than I am to myself. And he's higher than anything I could possibly imagine at the same time. But he wants you to get to the insight that God is is the sheer act of to be.
 
 Well, of course, that's true. So right now, God is sustaining us in existence. True. Aquinas says God is in all things by Essence,presence, and power, and most intimately so. and and he's nowhere in this room.
 
 Okay? Where is God? He's nowhere in this room. He's Totally tear. Ali tear.
 
 We say he's totally other. Same time. But once you crack that code though, I think you see it of like why that would be true. As you know, I'm getting from more philosophical language to more mystical language because all the mystics talk that way in these high paradoxes about God's availability and unavailability. I I I've often thought in the bible, story after story, God can neither be grasped nor hidden from.
 
 So the the first sinful instinct is to grasp at gods. I've got him. I've I understand him. I can I can manipulate him. No.
 
 No. No. story after stories told, you can't do that. Well, then the other stream of the center, alright, then I'm gonna I'm gonna run from God. I'm gonna avoid God.
 
 Jona and the whale, you know. So he he has the call from God. And he said, no. No. I I'm gonna refuse that.
 
 I'm gonna run as far away. I'm gonna go to Tarshish, which meant like timbuktu for them at the end of the world. God's got to that whale, swaddle them up and brings them right back where God wants them. it's a, you know, poetic way of saying, you can't escape the press of God. At the same time, tower of Babylon, I'm gonna build a tower up to God.
 
 I'm gonna I'm gonna grab hold of God. Nah. I can't do that. So live in the space in between those two things, which should be the space of friendship with God. falling in love with God is neither grasping nor hiding from God.
 
 You
 
 Lex Fridman: mentioned Again, a lot of beautiful poetic things. You mentioned grace. Yeah. You mentioned sin. You mentioned incarnation.
 
 Is there a philosophical pragmatic way to start talking about the pillars of Christianity? What are the defining things that make Christianity to you and and broadly speaking to those that follow the religion.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: you know, in
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: a way what we're doing so far is is a necessary propidutyric because we're talking about God. What makes Christianity distinctive, of course, is the claim of the incarnation. So we come up out of Judaism. We come up out of this great monotheistic tradition. And you know, the bible itself and all the great commentators within Judaism, I think would agree with this basic, theistic.
 
 stuff that I've been talking about, taking most of my mononies, for example. Now, what makes Christianity distinct? this supremely weird claim that god becomes one of us. God becomes a creature. But without ceasing to be God and without overwhelming the integrity of the creature he becomes, what we see in the burning bush, that principle, which obtains across the boards of closer God comes to me, the more radiant I become.
 
 Right?
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: But take
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: that now to the end degree would be what we mean by the incarnation. The incarnation. of the son of god becoming a creature
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: in such
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: a way as to make humanity radiant and beautiful. That's the pillar of Christianity. It's the incarnation, you know. And what follows from that is the redemption of of all of reality. So not just of human beings.
 
 But in becoming a creature, god divineizes the world. you know, the Greek fathers always said God became human that humans might become God. And that's a good way to sum up, I think, the essence of Christianity.
 
 Lex Fridman: why is this such an important thing? So it's a distinctive thing. Yeah. Why is it so important philosophically to what it means to be a Christian? Like, what impacted that have on our world, on human civilization, on human nature, on are morals of why live, what to live for, and the meaning of it all, like, why
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: is incarnation so important? Well, I think it's it's massively important because it's it's the Divinization Prince people that God wants to divineize his creation and and sort of in this concentrated point of Jesus of Nazareth. But then we talk about the mystical body of Jesus. So that goes right back to Paul. as we're grafted on to Christ, we talk about that as the church.
 
 We become like cells and molecules and an organism. That's the church. It's not an organization. That's a that's a deformation of Ecclesiology. The church is this organism that begins with Jesus.
 
 And then he's drawing all of humanity, but ultimately all of nature, all of all of creation to himself.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: When the son
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: of man has lifted up, he will draw all things to himself, that idea of the gathering in of a of a scattered creation. So in that way, it's at the heart of it. Then there's all kinds of things. If God becomes human, that means there's a dignity to humanity, which goes beyond anything, any humanist of any stripe has ever said. Right?
 
 Ancient, medieval, modern,
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: contemporary. Christianity is the greatest
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: humanism imaginable. God became one of us in order to divineize us. the the goal of my life is not just to be a good person, not just to be, you know, materially successful, not just to be a member of society, the goal of my life is to become a participant in the divine nature. And so there I don't think there is a humanism greater than that, even conceivably. So that's where I think humanism is profoundly influenced by the incarnation.
 
 And just our notion of god is
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: non competitive
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: to us. That's so important because I I think it's so many systems from mythology onward. You have these competitive understandings of God. when
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Jesus says
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: to his disciples, the night before he dies, I no longer call you servants but friends. It's extraordinary. moment. Because every God, right, who's ever been served. Well, that's that's the best we can hope for as he is the servant of God.
 
 You know, I have to try to obey you, Lord. I'll try to do what you want. But when Jesus says, I no longer call you servants or slaves, you would have said in the in the Greek there, you know. but friends. I don't know.
 
 I can't
 
 Lex Fridman: imagine anything greater than that. Becoming God's friend. That's a call to become one with with God. It's possible to become become one with God. Now I should mention, you're one
 
 Lex Fridman: of the greatest religious communicators. I've ever experienced a lot of a huge number of people or fans of yours. You've done a lot of great conversations. You've done red at AMAs, which is a very unique -- Yeah. -- bold, brave thing.
 
 And on one of them, somebody asks what's the most challenging of the seven deadly sins. So first, what are the seven deadly sins? What do they have to do with Christianity, how essential, how crucial they are to, the religion, and what's the most challenging in our modern day. Yeah.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: To name them, pride, envy, anger, sloth, avarice, gluttony, and lust. Are the seven w cents? or, quote, capital sense sometimes, from couple they're they're the head sense from which things tend to flow. The most fundamental is pride. probably most people today, if you talk about like vice or you talk about, you know, deadly sin, they would think about lust.
 
 But the classical authors, including Dante, who does this pictorially. There that's the least of the deadly sense. It's lost because it's the one that's most sort of dependent upon the body and its and its passions and so on. The most important is pride. Pride is the deadliest of deadly sins, and it's very simple to see why.
 
 Pride is the Augusta calls it Incravatous and say. I'm caved in around myself,
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: like a black
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: hole, right, to get into the scientific. But I the black hole to me is a great symbol. You know, that it it's so heavy that draws everything including light. Nothing can escape from it. See, that's the sinner.
 
 That's the we're all sinner. we're like black holes that we draw everything into ourselves.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: So
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: as a sinner, and, you know, I'll I'll confess I'm a sinner. The temptation is, okay, this is the Bishop Baron moment, and I'm gonna I'm drawing you now into my, you know, world and so on.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: What that
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: does is it kills us off, and it make it darkens life. and it makes it small and and heavy and awful. Alright? It's like but but see, compared to the to the contrasting thing. is when you're lost in a moment.
 
 You're not concerned about the impression I'm making. You're not concerned about drawing the world into yourself. You're not concerned about this monkey on my back that's always telling me, you know, look good and sound right. But you're you're lost in something.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: you're just
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: you're just talking, you know, to a friend and and the two of you together discovering something true or or beautiful. You're lost in a movie or you're lost in a book. Those are the best moments in life. Those are the best these are the least prideful moments. Right?
 
 That that's when I the light comes out. I I become radiant because I'm I'm overcoming this tendency to to fallen on myself. Dante is so good because the way he pictures Satan in divine comedy. And, you know, he's at the center of the earth. So like a black hole that well, he's at the center of gravity.
 
 He's at the heaviest place. And there's not fire where he is, but ice, which is much much better image, that you're frozen in place and you're stuck. And he's got wings Right? And they used to be angel wings because he's an angel, but now they're like bat wings for dante. And they're flapping.
 
 And All they're doing is making the world around him colder because he's ice, he's stuck in his own iciness, and then he's he's beating his wings over the ice, making everyone else colder. great image. And then he has this is cool too. He has three faces, Satan, because he's the symbol acronym of the Trinity. So every sinner thinks he's God.
 
 So I pretend I'm god. So he's got the three faces. And from all six eyes, he weeps.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Also from
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: all three modes, he's chewing a sinner. He's got caches, brutus, and Judas in the three miles, you know, the three traders. But as I thought, it it's just a great image of all of us centers is we're stuck. It's heavy. It's cold.
 
 We're chewing on our past resentments. We're weeping in our sadness, and we're making the world around us colder. It's beautiful. It's great. So that's pride.
 
 So that's that's an image of pride, because Satan, that's his great sin, pride, which is why he needed Michael. Right? Mikael, who's like God? So that the great challenge to him which we need all the time, is someone to say, wait a minute. Wait a minute.
 
 You're not God. But the minute we say, I'm God. Black Hole. I know cave in myself. I suck everything into myself and I turn into Dante Satan.
 
 So that's a great image. That's pride. That's the most fundamental. That's the Uber Capital sin. It's all the other ones flow from that in a way.
 
 Lex Fridman: So in general, empathy, humility, compassion, love thy neighbor -- Always. -- is the way to fight the sin of pride. Right.
 
 Lex Fridman: Which is why
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: the masters tend to say, this was Bernard. Saint Bernard was asked, what are the three most important virtues? And he said, humility task humility tests and humility tests because it's the opposite of pride. Yeah. So but, you know, they're bringing a coin isn't it again.
 
 because we think of a humility, I'm I'm I'm no good. That's what it means at all. It means what I was describing before when you're you're just lost in something. You're just lost in it. my image, yeah, I I live out in Santa Barbara, and I like to walk on the beach out there.
 
 And there's a section of the beach where they let the dogs, you know, run free without leashes. And when you see a dog and he's well cared for and his master's right there and and the master's throwing the tennis ball and the surf and the dog was galloping out into the surf and he gets it with a big smile and comes running back. That's that's humility. That's an image of heaven because he's just lost in that moment. He doesn't care about impressing anybody.
 
 Don't care about what people think of him. He's just lost in it.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: That's
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: it. That's heaven.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Right? And those
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: moments in our life when we when we get that, it's a little hint of of paradise. But but as far as most of us live, frankly, most of the time, in various levels of hell, you know, and we're and we're dealing with these deadly sins. Like, envy flows and pride Because if I'm prideful, I'm a black hole, I'm in carotis and say, I'm collapsed in. What am I really gonna be concerned about? That guy's getting more attention than I am.
 
 That guy's richer than I am. that that lady, she's got a bigger reputation than I do. And why why don't I have that? Right? So envy is a very close daughter of pride.
 
 anger flows from me. Why do I get angry? The dog isn't getting angry on the beach when he's running after the tennis ball. But I get angry all the time. butter with anger when things aren't going my way and and you're insulting me and you're not doing what I want and I'm being hurt my reputation.
 
 So anger flows from pride, you know. All of them do. All of the w'soms do. So
 
 Lex Fridman: you said, I'm a sinner. So we're all sinners. Yeah. And you mentioned Satan. Where's the so there's heaven and hell.
 
 There's God and Satan. where's the line between what it means to be good and not good enough. Or I I I hesitate to use the word sort of evil, but -- Yeah. -- maybe overwhelmingly sinful. Where's the line between hell and heaven?
 
 Think of
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: them as limit concepts maybe. They're like heuristic devices. Yes. So heaven would name this ultimate friendship with God. So think of the dog on the beach who is just he's fallen in love with his environment, with his master with the surf.
 
 He's just lost in it. Right? He's forgotten himself. He's transcended himself and he's now lost in the wonder of the beauty of that place. Now imagine the limit of that is the is the friendship with God that we talked about, that I become the friend of God.
 
 I become so I forgetful of myself. So lost in the beauty and truth and goodness of God that I'm I've I've I've found Beattuuto. Right? I found joy, the beatific vision we call it. That's the limit case.
 
 That's that's where we're tending. That's where God wants us to go. Think of hell as a limit case in the opposite direction. That's carotas and say. That's the black hole.
 
 And we're all sinners, meaning we're somewhere on that spectrum. You know, we We have good days and bad days, and we have good moments and bad moments. And I can be drawn toward sin. What's God's purpose and and Christianity's reading is to bring us out of that, you know. And now where did he go?
 
 He went all the way into it. to get us out of it. It's it's like pulling up the sock back out. sock things like that. You have to go all the way in and pull it back out.
 
 And so, God had to go all the way down. You know, and there there's the trajectory of the incarnation,
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: though he
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: was in the form of God in Saint Paul. Jesus did not deem me quality with god a thing to be grass type or rather emptied himself and took the form of a slave, being born in the lightness of men. But then he was known to be a humanist state. and he accepted even death, death on a cross. And so Paul imagines that the incarnation is his downward journey.
 
 in order to get all of us. Right? All of us who were were stuck were stuck in our sin. And so again, Paul says he became sin on the cross. It's a really, really powerful idea.
 
 He wasn't in a sinner because then he'd need to be saved too.
 
 Lex Fridman: He's not a sinner, but he entered into our dysfunction. in order to pull us back out of it. So that's a really powerful message, an embodiment sort
 
 Lex Fridman: of educating the world about sin.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: That that
 
 Lex Fridman: said, day to day, there's, like, oscillations in terms of how much each human sends and there's a struggle against that. So you know, that dog that loses himself on the beach may have had a lot of sex with other dogs leading up to that. That was May may have been not the best doc he could be leading up to that. So how, you know, if it's a math equation, what is the final calculation look like in terms of ending up in heaven. What does it mean to live a good life in the end?
 
 Is it the average amount of send you do is is low. Can you are you allowed to make mistakes? yeah,
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: you know, the the the the metric is love. Right? And love is not a feeling. It's an act of the will. To will the good of the other.
 
 That's a quietness again. To will the good of the other as other. You see, that's the anti black hole principle. When I I
 
 Lex Fridman: I don't feel the good of the other as
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: others. Because if if I'm willing you're good because it's good for me. So can't, you know, it's good for you that I'm on this program, I guess. I'm I'm willing you're good, but that's because it's gonna bring down to my benefit. Right.
 
 That's just an indirect egotism. That's why I see love is really rare and strange that I really want what's good for you as other. So not connected to the black hole tendency of my own prideful ego when I've broken that. I've forgotten self and I've moved into the space of your own good. That's what love is.
 
 Now, God wants us to be, you know, by this, they will know that you're my disciples, that you love one another. Jesus says, so that's it. Now, I I mean, life
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: is ups
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: and downs and back and forth and were better or worse at that. The point of a church is to graft this onto Christ that we might become more and more conform to love. But, you know, the final calculus, I'll leave that to God. I mean, I but but used love is the metric at the end of the day when you examine your conscience. Did I will the good of the other today?
 
 How how effective was I at that? And and be this designation of Iola, be brutally honest. or was I just willing someone's good because it was good for me? Where were those moments where I was like the dog on the beach? See see what and and as he play it the way not so much God the caregiver surveying and you did, you know, with three of those and four.
 
 is God wants us to be fully alive. St. Erenaeus is one of my great heroes, ancient, you know, patristic figure. And his famous line is Gloria Day HomeA Vivans. Right?
 
 The glory of God is a human being fully alive. See, and and that gets us over this sort of obsession with the legalism and did I do enough? And is that that's a big enough sin? And God wants us fully alive. The key to that is willing the good
 
 Lex Fridman: of the other. He he died that we might come to a richer appropriation of that. So to be fully alive is to be in love with the world or to
 
 Lex Fridman: love the world deeply and what love means is the other is Get out of yourself. Right? It's it's it's the humility Yeah. Getting out of yourself. But that that somehow is not that's not even selfless because the word selfless requires her to be a self It's it's almost like just letting go.
 
 Yeah.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: I might talk about, like, a gift of self that you you're self aware, but you you give a gift of yourself. yourself becomes not a magnet drawing things into itself, but it becomes a radiant source of life for others. My mother Teresa would have had a keen sense of herself, it seems to me. But it was to light other people up so that they might be a a radiant. You know, that's the game.
 
 So you you you probably articulated that me too.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. I love love. It's such an interesting thing. But we
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: have to be hard nosed about it. Like, you know, your friend, love is a harsh and dreadful thing. Yeah. Right? It's not a feeling.
 
 And our our culture is so sentimentalized love that it's having warm feelings or doing what people want. And that's not in at all. Love is always correlated to the order of the good. Because if I'm willing the good of the other, I have to know what that good is. Right?
 
 So a parent says, oh, give the kid whatever she wants. Well, that's not love. That's indulgence or that's sentimentality. But I have to know what the goods were the are if I'm gonna will them for you. Right.
 
 Yeah. I in some sense, you
 
 Lex Fridman: you're you're absolutely right. A component of love is the struggle to know the other. Right. It's the struggle to understand. I mean, that's that's what I mean by empathy is to -- Yep.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: it's not
 
 Lex Fridman: it's yeah. It's not Valentine's Day, romantic gifts. It's it's a struggle. It's like, trying to understand, trying to perturb your own mind and that of another human being to try to figure out who they are, what they want, what makes them happy? What are they -- Right.
 
 -- afraid of? What are they hoping for? And it's like a dance. Right? Dance of conversation, dance of -- Yes.
 
 -- just shared experiences and all that kind of stuff, and all of that required for you to be I guess, yeah, empathize and imagine yourself
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: in
 
 Lex Fridman: their place. and then love that person when you're living inside that person. Yeah. Several minutes
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: ago about the pillars of Christianity. So we talk about God, talk incarnation, but you're getting now to a third key one, namely the Trinity. Because it were monophias Right? But we don't think God is monolithically one. We think God is a play of persons.
 
 And the father from
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: from volatility
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: by a great mental act forms his interior word as Aquinas puts it. And that's the logos. Right? That's the virbom. That's the word by which the father knows himself, and we call it the son.
 
 So the Imago, it's the image of the father. But that's the great thing is that Emago is not like just a dead image on a on a mirror or or dead image at a pond or something. It's It's a full reflection of the father's being. He's one in being with the
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: father. Therefore,
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: the son has everything the father has except being the father. But that means that the two of them look at each other and they're just crazy in love with each other because The the father is the fullness of being. The son is the fullness of being. And they're so crazy in love with each other that they this is Fulton Sheet put it this way that there's this They
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: just They love
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: each other with this sigh and we call that the spirit who's song to us. That's the holy breath. Right? The holy sigh of love between the father and the son. And that's that's one being.
 
 One essence we say of God. But in these three persons, but all your language of, like, dance and play and community. The Greek
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: father's talked
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: about pari choruses, which means God, the three persons kind of sit and acquire together. Mhmm. So they they they sing together. You know? And and that's why I see, Christianity is
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: unique in
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: this claim that God is love. So every religion will say God loves, you know, in some way. Love is an attribute
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: of God. God
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: is or love
 
 Lex Fridman: is a thing that God does sometimes. but Christianity is unique in all the religions in saying that god is love and somehow the holy trinity embodies that idea. I mean,
 
 Lex Fridman: that -- Yeah. -- philosophically has always been confusing to me. What it means to be three things and at the same time be one
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: god, the
 
 Lex Fridman: father, son, and the holy spirit. what what is this dance between these three? What what exact like, how do how do you visualize? How do you understand this? Yeah.
 
 This this very this very fascinating essential thing for Christianity. The first thing I'd say is what we already have been
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: sort of talking about is if you say God is love and most people probably say, yeah, I like good idea. God is love, but it's very peculiar because if he is love, there has to be in his unity a lover a beloved and the love that they share. Otherwise, he he isn't loved by his very essence. He would love it would be an attribute of God. or an action of God.
 
 But if it's very nature, there has to be love or beloved in love shared. Mhmm. And the tradition eventually came to see that. The image I was using before of of the father, his Imago, the sun. Well, that's born of god's infinite mind.
 
 So of of course, God has an image of himself. Heck, I've got an image of myself. That's something I can pull off as a as a puny little creature. God in his infinity has a perfect imago himself. And they have to fall in love with each other.
 
 What else can they do? Because they're in the presence of infinite good And so it has to follow that you then have the shared love that connects them. And that's how we generate if you want the s idea of the three persons in God.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Let me ask you about
 
 Lex Fridman: the church. Yeah. I wanted to define the characteristics of Catholicism.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Is the Catholic
 
 Lex Fridman: church? Yeah. What is the Catholic church? I would say it's
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: the mystical body of Jesus. So as I said before, it's not an organization. If we do it that way, we're gonna miss it. It's got organizational elements to it, you know, so I'm a bishop. I'm a I'm a office holder within the church.
 
 But the church is an organism, not a not an organization. So it's a organism of interconnected cells that I said, namely all of the baptized gathered around Christ in a mystical union. That's
 
 Lex Fridman: the church. but there's buildings -- Yeah. -- there's titles -- Sure. -- because it may
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: recess itself
 
 Lex Fridman: institutionally then. But so are the sort of heavy things about that all
 
 Lex Fridman: have to do with pride. Yeah. Sure. Whatever
 
 Lex Fridman: I've seen is of the buildings. Yeah. No. Whatever
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: is corrupt in the church. Of course, it comes from fry from sin. And let me add, like, you know, the the new testament is so clear on that. I mean, Paul is in his little tiny communities. So before there was a Vatican or diocesees or anything, apologies, little tiny communities of Christians like in Corinth and ethicists, you know.
 
 What's the one thing we know about them is they fought with each other. because Paul's always up up rating them and, you know, telling them come on. Would you people get it together? And, you know, who's me with you? And So from the beginning, we've been fighting with each other because we're made up of sinners.
 
 And, you know, so one thing we do in in Catholic Ecclesiastes is the official name for the study of the church, is to talk about the treasure and earth and vessels, Paul's language again. The treasure is Christ. The treasure is is is the love he's bequeathed to the world. That's the treasure that we have. But it's always held in these really fragile vessels, namely us.
 
 And so it's gonna be marked by corruption and stupidity and pride and everything else. Well, nevertheless, there's
 
 Lex Fridman: a hierarchy. There's titles and so on.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: if we
 
 Lex Fridman: remove pride from the picture, so the best possible interpretation of the hierarchy that makes up this one organism, this living organism. Mhmm. What's the what's the role of the pope, for example? What is the role of a bishop, for example. Like, what is the role of the hierarchy in terms of the broader vision of a Christianity Catholicism was a religion?
 
 I'm a devil tell
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: this guy named
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Johan Adam Mueller, who was a theologian early part of the nineteenth century. and he was part of the kind of romantic movement. And he said the purpose of the pope is to symbolize and embody and draw together the unity of the entire church. So he's
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: the personal
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: symbol of the unity of the church. Who's a bishop? The bishop is the personal symbol of the unity of adiocese. Who's a pastor of Paresh? He's the personal symbol of the unity of that parish.
 
 So he he understood it not so much organizationally as organically again. It was like what that around which the pattern organizes itself. And if you don't have that that unifying figure, the community will kind of fabricate. and and you see it all the time
 
 Lex Fridman: without headship, we would say. So it's more symbolic and organic than it is organizational. So symbols for community, but there's such fascinating peculiarities to each individual symbol. see, there's different
 
 Lex Fridman: characteristics that make up the different people. They have different ways of communicating. They have different hopes and fears and all that kind of stuff. what if if they're all
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: symbols, what's the
 
 Lex Fridman: role of the different peculiarities of those symbols of being an inspiring uniter versus maybe a stronger type of more judgmental, kind of communicator, all that kind of stuff. I mean, can you maybe speak to the human part of this of these symbols. Yeah. Well,
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: I might just shift to another image of Shepard. So let's say classic biblical image. And as a bishop, I walk around with this thing called the Crozer, which is a shepherd staff. Right? So it's the symbol of the bishop's office.
 
 And the crusher though is a kind of it's a kind of in your face thing in a way because it's got the the end of it was meant to hold off wild animals. And then the the crook part of it was meant to bring sheep back to the fold. Right? So I walk in with that, oh, this is nice. Look at the bishop coming in.
 
 but that's a kind of in your face symbol that I'm here to defend the church against predators, and I'm also here to draw people in who are wandering too far away. Mhmm. So that's okay. And that's part of of the role of the hierarchy and the pope and bishops and and pastors. postor just means shepherd.
 
 Right? It's not the shepherd of a parish. So that's okay. It's not like just all, you know, sunshine and light and what a pretty image. the the one who embodies the unity of the community is also
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: the shepherd.
 
 Lex Fridman: Okay. But again, leaning on the human thing. Yeah. The church is an institution. Mhmm.
 
 And I
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: don't know if you've
 
 Lex Fridman: heard, but there is an element to power that corrupts. Yeah. And absolute power corrupts absolutely as the old thing goes. Let let me ask you something else that came up on the Reddit EMA -- Yeah. -- mega churches and the prosperity gospel.
 
 And -- Yeah. -- you've mentioned that you may not be a a fan What are your views on this? And what are your views in general of money and power corrupting the heads of these institutions?
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: I
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: don't like the prosperity gospel because the gospel is about Jesus journey into radical self forgetfulness on the cross. And he never makes a promise of earthly well-being. Can you explain what the prosperity gospel is? Yeah. The view that, you know, if I follow Jesus and I follow God with great trust that I will be rewarded with wealth and and position and status in this world.
 
 It might be God's will when I get that. But, you know, Aquinas said this, that say, look at a very sinful person. I said, he's got a great house and he's richer than I am and all that. Aquinas says, yeah, but what maybe that's a punishment. because maybe all that is leading him away from God.
 
 And actually, that's God's way of punishing him. And the fact that you don't have wealth in a big house is actually a great gift to you because now it frees you for doing God's will. So we we can't read, you know, God's favor in worldly terms. I would say God's favor is, am I awakened to deeper love? Then I know that I'm finding God's favor.
 
 Now God might decide, sure, I want you to have this that. I want I want to provide this to you. Fine. Then I say thank you, Lord. How can I use it as an instrument of love?
 
 See, all the masters talk about detachment. And that's another reason I don't like the prosperity gospel. So I'm I'm getting attached now to all these material advantages. and I'm even seeing them as a sign of God's favor. No.
 
 Let go
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: of all that.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: You let go of it and use it as a vehicle of love. So if you're rich, the right question is, okay lord, why did you allow me to become rich? So that what can I do? How can my riches be an expression of love? If I'm popular, if I'm healthy, okay, why am I popular?
 
 Why am I healthy? How can I use that for your good? I'm sick in bed. I'm suffering. Okay.
 
 Lord, how can I use that as an expression of love? So I'd rather measure it that way than through worldly success. That's why I'm against the prosperity gospel. Okay.
 
 Lex Fridman: So there there is don't seek worldly possessions, but whatever happens to you, good or bad, seek how that could be used to increase the amount of love in
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: the world. Right. The image I I love for this is the Wheel of Fortune. which is a device and a lot of the Gothic cathedrals, and it's it's this great circle, right, this wheel, at the top of is is a king, and then it turns this way as a king has lost his crown, and the bottom is a popper. And then over here is a king is a guy climbing up to power.
 
 Right? and then in the middle is a depiction of Christ. And the idea is it's very simple but very profound that the wheel is life. You know, it's sometimes you're up, sometimes you're down. Sometimes you have power and popularity and prestige.
 
 Other times you're losing it, you're going down. Other times you got none of it. Other times you're coming back up. Okay. Don't live on the rim of the wheel.
 
 It'll make you crazy. Every point on the rim of the wheel is a point of anxiety. Where you should live is the center of the wheel, where Christ is. Right? because that's the link now to the eternity of God.
 
 That's the point of of love where love can flow through you to the world. And then you can look at the wheel. You're a Beatles fan. Right? I think I discovered that.
 
 I love the Beatles. Mhmm. And the song that always comes in my mind when I when I think of that image is John Lennon at the end of his life. So a guy that, I mean, rode the wheel of fortune like crazy. You know, he was at the top of the world in
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: every way. and
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: then Beatles break up and he kinda loses it. And then he's at the loss weekend in the seventies. It's the very bottom. When he died, he was just kinda coming back up again. But the song I always think of is watching the wheels.
 
 Right? I'm just sitting here watching the wheels go round around. I really love to watch them roll because I'm no longer riding on the merry-go-round. That's right out of the medieval mystics that he's not riding on the on the wheel. He's just watching it go round and round.
 
 That's the point of the Greeks call it Apothea, and the Latins call it indifference. You know, I Not like I'm Balazet, it just means I'm I'm detached from success failure, less success, more success. I'm detached from that. I'm sitting here watching the wheel go round and round. because I'm not writing on it anymore.
 
 The mystics have always made that transition. Let
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: me ask you
 
 Lex Fridman: a difficult question. about the darker size of human nature, of human power, of institutions. What's your view on the long history and widespread reports of sexual abuse of children by Catholic priests. So this is a difficult topic, but maybe an important one to shine a light on. Yeah.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: It's awful, you know. And it's it's been a problem. Go back to Peter Damian back in the eleventh century. He was talking about it. So it's been a problem.
 
 And whenever really sinful human beings have been in close proximity to children. We we find this issue. Has been around the church? Yes.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Has it surfaced
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: in a kind of sickening way in the last thirty years? Absolutely. I'm glad the church has made important strides than it has. Back in two thousand two, there was a thing called the Dallas Acords where the bishops of America put a lot of these protocols in place that really have been effective at ameliorating this problem. The numbers spiked in the seventies and eighties and that's been demonstrated over and over again.
 
 And then they fell dramatically after that. So that's not to excuse anything, but to say I think progress has been made with it. What's the impulse to secrecy? Yeah. I want to protect institutions, you know, and that's always as a sinful instinct.
 
 I'm not altogether. I mean, sure an institution is is worth protecting, but if it reaches the point where you're indifferent to people's well-being, then you're in trouble.
 
 Lex Fridman: So institution's role should be transparent and honest with the sins of its members in in itself. Sure. Yeah. So maybe you can speak to the fact as a priest, the bishop, as part of Catholicism.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: You're not allowed
 
 Lex Fridman: to marry. You're not allowed to have sex. You're you're sworn to celibacy. Mhmm. What is what is behind that idea?
 
 What is the sort of we talked about some broad stroke -- Yeah. -- ideas of love -- Yeah. -- what's behind the idea of ourselves? And that's
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: a good way to get at. It's a path of love. So it the church is always in favor of inculcating love. Marriage is a path of love. but so is celibacy.
 
 Saint Paul talks about someone who is preoccupied with the things of of this world and family and those who are free from that. are free or for doing the the work of God. So that's kind of a pragmatic justification for celibacy. And we still, I think, take that seriously. look at my own life, I mean, celibacy has enabled me to do all kinds of things and go places and and and and minister in a way that I could not if I had been married.
 
 So I get it. I get the pragmatic side. But I I'm more interested in the sort of mystical side of it.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Ever Jesus was challenged
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: about the person who had a whole series of of husbands and and then they all died. And so in heaven, which one will will love? you know, which which husband will the wife have. And his answer is is in heaven, people don't marry and they're not given in marriage. There's a there's higher way of love.
 
 It's a more radical way of love. It's not tied to a particular, but I think through God is tied to everybody.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: the celibate, and this
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: has been to the beginning of the church, not as a law, but there were there were celibates from the very beginning of the church. including Jesus, of course, and Paul, they sent something that that way of living
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: mystically
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: anticipates the way we'll love in heaven. It's a sign even now within this world of how we will all love in heaven. So in that way, it's a bit like pacifist. I'm glad there are pacifist in the church. And I I've known some you know, some very powerful witnesses to
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: pacifism. I'm glad they're
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: pacifist because they witness even now to how we will be in heaven when every tear is wiped away and we beat our swords and to plow shares and, you know, heaven's a place of radical peace. that some people even now live it. At the same time, I'm glad not everyone's a pacifist, because I I would hold with the church to just war theory that there's sometimes all we can do in this finite world is to is to fight, you know, manifest wickedness. So And just in
 
 Lex Fridman: the same way, there's just sex. Well,
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: no. Right. I'm
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: glad there were syllabus, but I'm glad not everyone's a syllabus. Yeah. I wouldn't want that. I mean, because because of married love is a marvelous expression of of the
 
 Lex Fridman: divine love. So that's why it's good. There are some. And it's it's always been a small number. the actual experience of it, would you the spiritual nature of it,
 
 Lex Fridman: is it similar to fast things? I've been enjoying fasting. recently. So not eating -- Yeah. -- for several days, that kind of stuff.
 
 And that somehow brings you even deep I'm in general in love with everything in with nature and everything. I see the beauty in the world. But there's a greater intensity to that when you're fast things.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Yeah. I I
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: I might use a
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: language of, you know, sublimation or redirection of energy and all that. I I think that's true. There's a certain sublimation of energies into prayer, into mysticism, into ministry, a redirection of energies.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: So it's
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: meant to be life enhancing. The same way fasting is. It's meant ultimately to be life enhancing and make you healthier and happier. So, celibacy is a is a path of love. And I think it does involve you a certain redirection of energies.
 
 I'd say that. Don't you think
 
 Lex Fridman: Do you think It's a heavy burden for some humans to bear. Sure. Some priests to bear. Is that sure? Is that the thing given this the the the
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: sexual
 
 Lex Fridman: abuse scandal, is that the thing that breaks? No. I I I wouldn't tie
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: that to syllabus. And that's been demonstrated over and over again. There's a priest named Andrew Greeley, who was a priest from my home diocese of Chicago. And Andy did a lot of research, he was sociologist to religion. There's a lot of research into that very question.
 
 And there really is not a correlation between celibacy per se and the sexual abuse of children or of anybody. So I I wouldn't make that correlation. So
 
 Lex Fridman: bad people,
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: sinful
 
 Lex Fridman: people are going to do what they're going to do. I think people
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: who have a tendency toward
 
 Lex Fridman: abusing
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: children sexually are drawn to situations where they get ready access to kids and they get institutional cover. So that's the only thing I can go through the list of, you know, from sports and and boy scouts, etcetera. And that's been proven again and again. So I I would tie it more to that. I wouldn't tie it to television.
 
 Lex Fridman: So the the challenge, of course, is all kinds of, you you said, institutional cover. There's all kinds of institutions that cover for people that don't that do evil onto the world to do sinful things. That's your world. but there's something about the church, which is the as an organism is supposed to be an embodiment -- Yeah. -- good in the Right.
 
 of love in this world and it breaks people's hearts. Yeah. You see this kind of even a small amount -- Yeah. -- this kind of thing happened within the church. It it wakes you up to the cruelty, the absurdity of the world sometimes.
 
 Yeah. Like, it's it's it's back to the the the question of why do bad things happen to good people? Yeah. Why does God allow this kind of thing to happen? and sort of maybe unanswerable do you have an answer to that question?
 
 I can gesture
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: toward it using rather abstract language, which is true enough
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: It's completely
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: emotionally unsatisfying, but it's naming it truthfully enough. And it goes back to Augustine, which is, god permits evil to bring about a greater
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: good. Now,
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: again, I know how unsatisfying that sort of spare or steer language can sound. but it gets us off the horn of a the horn of a dilemma, you know. Aquinas, you know, when he lays out a a question, he always has the objections first. So is there a God? Well, objection one, objection two, objection three.
 
 And he's really you talk about steel manning an argument. Aquinas is great at that. Yeah. one of the really steel man arguments. Is that the right grammatical form?
 
 One of the what's the past participle about the steel man. But one of the the best arguments. He formulates it this way. If one of two contraries be infinite, the other would be altogether destroyed. And as example, from his medieval physics, he goes, if there were infinite heat, there'd be no cold.
 
 Right? But God has described as infinitely good. Therefore, god exists. There should be no evil. But there is evil.
 
 Therefore, god does not exist. That's a darn good argument. That's a really persuasive argument. And and I think I've done this for a long time in apologetics and in sort of higher philosophy that's the best argument against God. But here's how many before I press head with it.
 
 Tell me if I'm really interesting. I think the three best arguments against god all come from within the religious tradition. Mhmm. Namely of the book
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: of Job So Job, he's
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: great. I mean, he's a great guy. He does everything right. He's he's god's great servant and he and he's punished in every possible way. You know, he has every possible suffering.
 
 Aquinas' argument from the Suma. And then to your friend and mine, Dosteevsky, I I think in the brothers care myself. Yvonne's argument when he's trying to wreck the faith of AlliOSHA. And it's these examples drawn, they they think, from dostoevsky, from the headlines of his own time, of the most object cruelty to children, like an innocent child being made to suffer. How in god's name, could that happen if god exists?
 
 And he's all good? So I get it, but see, book of job, Thomas DeWain, is Dustin Epstein. These are all profoundly believing people. Like, when I hear Stephen Fry, you know, the famously atheist, writer, he he will bring out this argument with great authority. He does, of of, you know, children with bone cancer and worms that go into the eyes of children and blind them before they kill them.
 
 And but he's been preceded by the author of Job, Thomas Aquinas and Dostoevsky, who who stood right, think of Job in the
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: whirlwind. he he stands
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: there in the in the whirlwind, you know. So you can't blame the Christian tradition for not dealing with this problem, you know, for like brushing it under the carpet. I
 
 Lex Fridman: mean, it it has it has stood in the whirlwind of this problem. It's still a difficult problem to deal with that there's all this close tier of the world
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: It's
 
 Lex Fridman: there's a lot of examples of history just --
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Yeah. --
 
 Lex Fridman: in my own family history with so the union would -- Yeah. Stalin -- Yeah. -- the atrocities that Stalin has brought onto, it's the people of the Soviet Union throughout the twentieth centuries and and nearly measurable. Yeah. And yet When you look at the entirety of human history, you will see progress, not just the Soviet Union, but the entirety of the civilization throughout the twentieth century.
 
 and Stalin has a role to play. There's a there's a dark aspect to somehow evil helps us make progress. And I don't know how to put that in the calculation. It's I don't you know, on the local scale, I want to alleviate suffering. I'm probably lean heavily lean pacifist.
 
 not a out of weakness, but out of strength, but man. Yep. It does seem that history's sprinkle with evil and that evil does somehow nudges towards good. Yes, sometimes
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: we can see it. And that's where the that's where the idea comes from that evils permitted to bring about some greater good. And we can sometimes really see it. can we always see it? No.
 
 In fact, typically, we don't see it. But now you bring another factor into this, which is the difference between our minds and God's mind. So our minds I mean, look, even they're remarkably capacious, but they've taken a tiny, tiny, tiny swath of of space and time and even, like, our eyes kinda, like, taken so much of the light spectrum and these little these little apes sensorium that we have that could just take in a little tiny bit of reality
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: really. How
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: are we ever in a position to say? Oh, no. There's no possible good that would ever come from that. even the greatest evil that, you know, every dostoevsky and and that can conjure up and Stephen
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Fry,
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: still, how could we have the arrogance to say, I know there's no good that could ever come from that. I know there's no morally justifiable reason why God would ever permit that. because I think that's hubris to the end's degree for us to say that. And that's the assumption behind this claim that God can permit evil to bring about a greater good. Now God understands it.
 
 But we're like, We're like little kids, you know, like a four year old and and their parents make a decision and we said, why in the why in the world would you do this to me? This is my pastural experience. Years ago, there was a young father and his son was like three or something. And he was in the hospital was something I forgot what it was, but he had to undergo surgery. Right?
 
 So after the surgery, he's in great pain. This poor kid, this three year old kid, and the dad was there with him. you know, holding his hand and, you know, and the son, this is what the father told me. He said, he's looking at me. Like, what gives here.
 
 I mean, why would you you love me? I I I've always assumed that. And yet, you're resigning over this somehow. You're approving of this. and doing nothing to get me out of it.
 
 Right? And he he said his kid couldn't articulate that, but his eyes did. And his and and the father said, It was just killing me because I knew I couldn't explain it to him. And as I mean, he could vaguely gesture toward, but the kid didn't understand surgery and cutting his body and taking things out of it and that this was gonna, you know, make him much better in the long run.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: But I
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: remember thinking this is a great metaphor for us vis a vis God is Here's God. Infinitely loving God who's with us all the time and we say, what are you doing? Why aren't you taking this away from me? And the answer I mean ultimately is trust. Trust me.
 
 Trust me. Surrender
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: to me.
 
 Lex Fridman: And when we don't, that's we get we get in trouble with the old pride and the hubris and all that kind of stuff.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Yeah. You
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: know, but trust me what I tell you. I mean, I completely get it in my own life. And as a priest, you're dealing with suffering all the time. With people in pain all the time. I remember as a young priest, there was a there was a policeman in our parish.
 
 He had so he had a gun. And inexplicably,
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: No one
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: had any clue. He got up one night and shot his son to death and then shot himself. Isn't my parish? So I went to the the wake. I remember I show up and I'm down this young, you know, twenty seven year old goofball pretty.
 
 So I like Roeland, Colorado. I I walk in and there were two coffins, the two coffins in the room, you know, there's the sun in the father, and the mother was
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: there. And she she went like
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: this to me, like
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: like She
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: saw me, like, okay. You're the you're the religious guy here. Yeah. What? And just by
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: instinct, I I
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: went like that too. I'm like, I don't
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: know what to
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: tell. I can't. I don't have an answer for you. But
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: but I
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: was there. I'm not seem to pat myself on the back. It's just that's where the church goes because Jesus went there. now we're gesturing toward a a more theological response. The first one's more austereally philosophical.
 
 God permits evil. to bring water good. But the theological responses, that's where Christ went, is he went all the way down. He went all the way down into our suffering. and see the cross as
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: the limit
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: case of of evil. humiliation and cruelty and institutional injustice and psychological suffering and spiritual suffering and death, it's all there. and that's where the son of God went. And I would say that's why as as a priest, I I went there. That's my job is to go to those places, you know.
 
 So that's the ultimate like, answer to the problem. So
 
 Lex Fridman: there is we can't comprehended but there is meaning to the suffering and the injustice. We trusted
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: because we know on other grounds of god's existence. See, I I I would resist the claim that, well, this is such a such a knock down argument. So now we know there is no God. I would say, no. There are all kinds of other rational warrants for God.
 
 And
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: so I I
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: know that God exists. I know that God is infinite love and now I gotta square that with this experience. And the way I do that is by a trusting confidence. that God knows what he's about. You know?
 
 Again, I know how inadequate that always seems to anyone who suffer including
 
 Lex Fridman: myself when I'm in great suffering. But I think that's the best that we've done in the great tradition. So if you were to steel man that case against God or
 
 Lex Fridman: the existence of God. Yeah. You find the most convincing argument is there's evil in the world. Yeah. Therefore, there's no God.
 
 There's too
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: much of it. Yeah. If I were to steal man that argument, I I do what Stephen Fry does. I would do what Dostoevsky's Ivan does. I I would do exactly that.
 
 I would say there's just too much. And then if you wanna keep pressing it, animal suffering. So we talk about human suffering, but the suffering of animals over the Eons and so on. Isn't there just too much suffering to be reconciled with a with an infinitely good god? And that's again Thomas Aquinas.
 
 I've I've just used his very steel man argument. You
 
 Lex Fridman: mentioned that, again, on Reddit, somebody asked who your favorite communicator of atheist ideas was and and you mentioned Christopher Hitchens. Yeah. Are there other ideas for atheism? Do you find particularly challenging? Well,
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: that's the
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: one. It's the problem of evil. The other objection in Aquinas, which has a lot of contemporary resonance, is can't we just explain everything through natural causes? Why would you have to invoke a cause beyond the causes in the world? So as I'm trying to explain, let's say, for aquinas, motion, causality, you know, finality, can I just do that with natural causes?
 
 Wouldn't that suffice to explain it? So I get, like, when naturalists are speaking, are people that are pure materialists? I'll just say, no, that's perfectly adequate. A scientific account of reality is utterly adequate to our experience. So I I would steal man that and say, well, show me why we need something more.
 
 And to do that, you gotta get out of Plato's cave. It seems to me. Because that my my objection to naturalism, is it it it's staying within the realm of the immediately empirically observable. and making the stake of saying, that's all there is to being. That's all there is that needs to be explained.
 
 And long before we get to religion, just stay with Plato. The first step out of the cave, if you combine it out with the parable of the line, is mathematical objects. And and I'm with those to many people, I would say, mathematics is an experience of the immaterial. I've stepped out of a merely empirical, physical, naturalistic world, the minute I understand. a pure number or a pure equation or a pure mathematical relationship, which would obtain in any possible world which are not tied to to space and time.
 
 That's a first step out of the cave. And then that leads to the more metaphysical reflections. For example, on the nature being. I mean, so I could I could talk about this thing as a physical object and I can analyze it all kinds of levels and follow all the scientists, you know, up and down through this thing and fine. Fine.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: But I'm still in Plato's
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: cave. I'm still looking at the flickering images on the
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: wall. But
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: when I step out of that into the mathematical realm, I I have entered a different realm of being. Seems to me. Do you think it's possible for
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: the cave
 
 Lex Fridman: to expand so large that it encompasses the whole world. Meaning, is it possible to is it possible that we're just clueless right now in terms of scientifically speaking with most of the world we haven't figured out yet. But do you think it's possible through science to know god -- Yeah. -- to look outside the world. So it's fundamentally the limit of -- Yeah.
 
 -- the empirical scientific method is that we can't know some of these Yeah. Very big questions. No. I I
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: you know, I love the I'm not a scientist, and I was never all that good at science. You know, I was more humanity guy. But I love and respect the sciences, but I hate scienceism. And scienceism is rampant today with especially young people. The reduction of all knowledge to the scientific form of knowledge and I I'm a a v m an opponent of that.
 
 There are dimensions of being that are not capturable through a scientific method, a mere observation hypothesis formation, experimentation, etcetera, as great as that is, as wonderful as that is. But it's still I think within Plato's cave. And that's not to say it's not real. It's just at a relatively low level of reality. You step out of Plato's cave when you go into the impure mathematics.
 
 That's why you know that article, I just came across it recently and discovered this whole literature around it. Is Eugene Vigner's article nineteen sixty called unreasonable applicability of mathematics to the physical sciences. I think that's the title of it. Or or effectiveness or something
 
 Lex Fridman: like that. Yeah.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: But what so cool is that, you know, he's not a religious man. He was a kind of a secular Jew. But yet, he uses the word miracle like eight times in that article. and because he just is so impressed by the fact that high complex mathematics describes so accurately the physical world and could be used to to create things and to manipulate. And why should that be true?
 
 That there there's something very weirdly mysterious about that relationship. You know? And I would say is because you you stepped into a higher order of being, which is inclusive of a lower level of being. That's the a platonic approach is that as you move I'm going a different metaphor. You move to higher levels.
 
 They're inclusive of the lower levels. Yeah. There's some magic there that seems
 
 Lex Fridman: to at least in our current understanding of science. to be not quite capturable, even consciousness, the idea of consciousness. Can I ask you where do you think the laws of nature come from? So I mean, sort of the
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Victor question, where
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: does the deep the
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: deep mathematical
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: structure of things come from? How do you explain that? the mathematical structure or the fact that the structures
 
 Lex Fridman: is somehow pleasing
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: and
 
 Lex Fridman: beautiful. because those are two different. Yes. And those are two different And we do the first one for well,
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: I'm just curious to tell you where do you think it comes from? I tend to believe even in
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: terms of
 
 Lex Fridman: physics, we don't really know what's going on. There's -- Yeah. -- so so so much more to be discovered. We're walking around in the dog trying to figure out a little puzzles here and there. and we're patting ourselves in the back and how many puzzles we've discovered so far.
 
 Even Gaitos and completeness theorem, what are the limits of mathematics, mathematics is them. I don't
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: I don't
 
 Lex Fridman: know what is the purpose of mathematics. What is the power of mathematics? Is it just a useful tool to study the world around us? Or is it something deeper that we're just discovering? And all I know from my emotional perspective, now I am an engineer.
 
 I'm a robotics AI person. From an emotional perspective, I just find the whole thing beautiful. Yeah. No. But
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: that's really cool to
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: me. That's a very interesting clue. See, one of the arguments for God is based on the intelligibility of the world. This very It's like Victor. It's a very peculiar fact.
 
 It seems to me that the world is so radically intelligible. Why should that be true? Why should it be the case? that being has this intelligible structure to it. So it corresponds to an inquiring mind.
 
 So a client is gonna say that the the intelligible in act is the intellect in act. Meaning, there's some there's some deep correspondence between this and that. And it's I'm with Victor. That's, I think, really weird and unreasonable and strange. Now, my answer is because the the creator of the universe is a great mind and has stamped the world with intelligibility.
 
 in the beginning was the word. Right? And the word was with God and all things came to be through the word. Don't we shouldn't picture that so much. It's it's gesturing in this very powerful direction.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: There's an
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: intelligence that has imbued the world
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: with intelligibility. and and
 
 Lex Fridman: we discover that. You know? There's something about the simplicity of the way the world works. That's that's where the beauty comes from. And yes, there's something profound to the mechanism, whatever that is.
 
 God that brought that
 
 Lex Fridman: to be. They thought it into being. at the world has been
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: said that when the Bible says that God God said, let there be light and there was light. God said, well, again, we don't literalize the poetry, but it's it's very rich that God spoke the world into being. So that means it's it's been it's been imbued with intelligibility from the beginning. they they say that, you know, the condition for the possibility of the of the western physical sciences was a basically Christian idea, namely that the world is not gone.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Therefore, I
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: can I can analyze and experiment upon it. I can I I don't Divinize it. Mhmm. I don't have a mystical relationship with the world. It's not God.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: But secondly,
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: that it's it's absolutely in every nook and cranny intelligible. And those two ideas are correlated to the idea of creation. So it's been created. It's not God, other than God. But yet it's touched in every dimension by God's mind.
 
 And when those two things are in place, the sciences get underway. You know, I don't worship the world anymore, but I'm also utterly confident I
 
 Lex Fridman: can come to know it. And those are theological ideas. Well, we live in this world, so we can solve quite a lot of
 
 Lex Fridman: problems of this world by making an assumption that this world is fully understandable. Mhmm. And we don't need to worry about what's outside the world in some sense in order to build bridges and rockets and computers and all that kind of stuff. It's only when we get to the questions that are deeper about why we're here at all, what does it mean to be good, all those kinds of things do we need to reach outside of this world? What can I interpret another
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: one? So I talked about mathematics. I think it's stepping out of the cave. It's stepping out of just the purely empirical you know, world. But the very fact we use a word like universe to me is very interesting.
 
 Even if you say multiple universes to me that it's like, well, they're whatever this the whole is the totality. Onivirasum turned toward the one. Why would we call it that? Why would why would we just call it an aggregate? You know, it's just an aggregate of stuff.
 
 It's an aggregate of all. But we call it a universe. And and my answer from the classical metaphysical tradition is is the intuition of being. So I immediately experience things here, the color and shape, and I can measure them.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: But when
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: I've really stepped out of the cave and I've now engaged beyond mathematics even, I'm now into metaphysical reflection. I'm interested not just in this thing as an object and how it's colored and shaped and what it's atoms and quarks and all that are. That's fine. But I'm interested now in wasn't mean to say this thing is real. So what makes this a being?
 
 And then what are the characteristics of being? not from Aristotle, the Heidegger, you know, this question of of the nature of being. See, I would say, we call it a universe because it's turned toward the one of being. is this intuition that whatever from quirks to to galaxies to whatever, get give me a a billion other universes that it would still be existence Right? It's turned toward the one that being unites our experience.
 
 And so now I'm at the metaphysical level of analysis. I've I've take another step out of the cave.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: In Plato's
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: language, I'm at the formal level. Now beyond mathematics level of forms. And and the formal is inclusive of the mathematical, which is inclusive of the physical. And I think that's Eugene Victor is that the mathematical includes the physical. It it is metaphysically prior to it.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: But here we
 
 Lex Fridman: are sitting in the physical trying to make sense of why the unreasonable effectiveness of the thing that's beyond, which is the mathematics My answer is God.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: And I I don't know a better answer. And as I read Victor, he wasn't ready to say that, but I think the language is gesturing
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: who had
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: I've read someone recently, some very well known physicist who said, his answer to Victor's question is that whoever is responsible for the universe, must be a mathematician. And I thought, yeah, that's right. Let me ask you about Jordan Peterson. You had
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: a great conversation with
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: him.
 
 Lex Fridman: He has a complicated and nuanced view of faith or faith -- Yeah. -- period. He has said that he believes in Jesus the person and the myth and some of the the full richness and complexity that you've you've talked about, but he's surprised by his faith. he's not sure what to make of it. Yeah.
 
 He's almost like a meta struggling with with what the heck is faith means. He's a super powerful intellect that can't compute the faith that he's experiencing. So what are some interesting differences between the two of you or some commonalities in terms of -- Yeah. -- your understanding of faith. He's
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: a
 
 Lex Fridman: very interesting guy. I've had a
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: couple conversations with him. And I I do think he's he's moving in the direction of of faith, and his lectured in the bible are very fine, I think. He reminds me the church fathers because the church fathers would have looked at the they call it the moral sense of the scripture. peers in probably called the psychological meaning. But I think he's doing a lot of that.
 
 He
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: as
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: I read him and talk to him, I think he's kind of at a pontian level. in regard to Jesus. What I mean there is, for cons, Jesus is it's not so much the historical Jesus, this figure from long ago. It's Jesus as an archetype of the moral life. You know, he says he's the image of the person perfectly pleasing to god.
 
 And so Jesus inhibits our kind of moral imagination as a as a heuristic, as a as a a goal that we're tending toward. But the historical person of Jesus for contemplate, well, that's not fuss about that so much. It's this figure. And as I read Peterson especially and talk to him, I think he's kind of there with the archetype of Jesus. And even language of, like, live as though God exists.
 
 That's the alphabet of God. You know, the the kind of as if attitude. And where I for oppression when we talk is in the direction of no, that's not Christianity yet. I mean, that's enlightenment moral philosophy. But Christianity is very interested in this historical figure and very interested that God really became one of us.
 
 and he's not just an archetype of the moral life. He's someone, he's a person who's invaded our world and gone all the way to the bottom of sin and thereby saved us, you know. So the facticity of Jesus and the resurrection. So I Pearson will talk about the resurrection as a as a myth and all that and you can find that in different cultures, etcetera. But
 
 Lex Fridman: I Christianity is saying something else. So in Christianity, when we're talking about who is Jesus, it's not just an archetype. Right. It's not just a myth. It's a historical figure and the very grounded fact that god became one of us -- Right.
 
 -- is fundamental to this idea. What it what cushion he is, what he needs to be a cushion. It's the the sin
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: and the
 
 Lex Fridman: love that came here down to earth. Yeah. It means we can be one with God. So that's essential. It's not just the holy grail.
 
 That's right. You
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: know what? It always strikes me the difference between, let's say, mythic expressions and the new testament is, read someone like, you know, Carl Young and then and then Joseph Campbell, whom he influenced, and then now Jordan Peterson, who's very young in, and this sort of archetypal reading of the scriptures. And great. I mean, I think it's very interesting, and there's a lot going on there.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: There's a
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: sort of calmness, though, about it. Like, yeah, interesting. And it's in this culture, in that culture, and it's the form of the moral life, and mhmm, I understand all that.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: then you
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: read the new testament. Whatever those people are talking about, it's not that. They are grabbing you by the shoulders and shaking you to get your attention to tell you about something that happened to them. Right? like, the resurrection, you know, the the
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: myth of
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: the dying and rising God and how powerful it is and shaping our consciousness, mhmm, that's fascinating. That's not the new testament. The testament is, did you hear? Did you Jesus of Nazareth whom they put to death God raised him from the dead, and he was seen by five hundred, and he was seen by by Peter. And and and and then lastly, I saw him That's how Paul talks.
 
 It's it's not the detached, you know, psychologist, amusing on archetypal -- Yes. -- things. And I think that makes a huge difference when
 
 Lex Fridman: it comes to Christianity. The intensity of the historical details are essential here. So if you, you know, if you look at Hitler and Nazi Germany, it's not enough to say, well, power corrupts and sometimes So looking at the archetype of Hitler, it's much, much more important, much more powerful to look at the details how he came to power -- Yeah. -- what are the ways he did evil onto the world. And then then you can get really intense about your struggle with some of the complexities of human nature and power and on institutions and all that kind of stuff.
 
 So the historical nature of the bible We're
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: in historical religion. And we've been important. We generate philosophical reflection. We can find common ground with archetypal thinking and all that. We can't.
 
 and the the church fathers used, you know, Greek philosophy, and Aquinas uses Aristotle, and all that's great. But we're in historical religion, and that matters immensely. is
 
 Lex Fridman: the bible the literal word of god? How do you make sense of the words that make up the bible? I think
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: the best way to get at the Bible is to think of it as a library, not a book. So it's a collection of books. Right? From a wide variety of periods different authors, different audiences, and different genre. So in the bible, you find poetry, you find song, you find Something like history, not in our sense, but something like history.
 
 You find gospel, but his own genre. You find a a piscillary literature like Paul. You find apocalyptic. There's all of this in the bible. So is the bible literally the word of God?
 
 It it's like saying is is the library literally true. It depends on what section you're in. Right? So parts of, like, one and two Samuel, one and two kings, number place in the old testament. Are there elements of the historical in there?
 
 Sure. But it's theologically interpreted history. It's not like our sense of history of, you know, give me ten thousand footnotes and know, I'm gonna I'm gonna look at all the source material I can possibly find. It's more like ancient history, herodotus, people like that. But then there's poetry and there's myth and there's legend and there's song and all that stuff in the bible.
 
 So, God breathes through all of it, I would say. He inspired
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: all of it. Right?
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: In SPIRRI, he's he's breathing through of it. God is speaking through all of it. But he speaks in different voices. He uses different human instruments and he uses different genre and different types of language. So we have to be sensitive to that when we're interpreting the
 
 Lex Fridman: Bible. So the different instruments are more or less some are more perfect than others. No.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: I wouldn't say that. I wouldn't say more perfect. I'd say they're just different. It's like a symphony and god's like a conductor and there's all kinds of different instruments in the orchestra and he loves his debris through the psalms. I I pray to psalms this morning.
 
 I do every day in my in my office, you know. That's those are songs. They probably were literally sung most of them at one point. he breathes through apocalyptic. Like, we're reading the book of Revelation now in the Easter season.
 
 And this is wild and woohy. book that should be filmed by, you know, Spielberg or somebody today. And he speaks to the gospels. The gospels was corresponding genre to what I call ancient biography. That's the genre of the gospels.
 
 It's wrong to call them like mythic or or simply literary. They're like ancient biographies. You have the Pauline letters, which are about, you know, particular cities that Paul was visiting and particular people he knew. So he just got to be sensitive to the genre all the time. Let's return back to human institutions and talk about
 
 Lex Fridman: history of human civilization and politics. So one question to ask is, was America founded as a Christian nation in your view? what if we look at the declaration of independence, what did the words mean? We hold these truths to be self evident that all men are created equal that they are endowed by their creator with certain inalienable rights that among these are life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness it seems like God is breathing through those words too. Yeah.
 
 Oh, I think so. You
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: know, the founders will be some kind of combination of of dualism, certainly Christianity is is coming up through them, enlightenment, rationalism, all in kind of a a mix, you know. So you're not gonna find in in our founding fathers simply Thomas Aquinas or like a purely, you know, classically Christian understanding. It's Christianity in in those various expressions. because actually, I would see the enlightenment as a a sort of child of Christianity. We could talk about that.
 
 But Having said all that, yes. I think they are expressing at least the the residue of a once deeply integrated Christian sense of things. that our
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: rights are not
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: created by the government. They're not doled out by the government. they come from God. And and the other thing I find really interesting is that equality, because looking classical philosophy, political philosophy, Plato, Aristotle, Cicero,
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: it's
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: not equality. For them, it's our inequality that's really interesting. So Plato divides us into these three classes and Arizona says only a tiny little coterie of property males of sufficient education should be in the political life. The rest should all be in private life. You know?
 
 and then some are suited for slavery. So, I mean, he divides us dramatically, same with Cicero and so on. where does this come from? This weird idea that we're all equal. I mean, how are not equal in beauty, not equal in strength, not equal in moral attainment, we're not equal in intelligence, So what what is it?
 
 And I think the residue, especially comes through in that little word, that all men are created equal.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: that's our equality
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: that we're all equally children of God. So take God out of the picture. I think we are gonna slide rapidly into an embrace of inequality. Now in the classical world, yes. But heck, look at the twentieth century.
 
 I mean, when God is excluded in a very systematic way, I think you saw the suspension of rights and the suspension of equality like mad. So no, I I think it's very important.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: that God
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: is in the picture and that we're a nation under God. It matters enormously. That's not pious boilerplate. That's at the at the rational foundations of our democracy.
 
 Lex Fridman: So do you think Neches are to something with the idea looking into the twentieth century that
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: God is dead? that there is
 
 Lex Fridman: a cultural distancing from a belief in God.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Yeah. You know, I I'd be somewhat sympathetic to Jordan Peterson's reading of of Nieta there. Namely, it's not Nieta crowing from the mountaintop. Hey, God is dead. You know?
 
 it's more of a lament, you know, God has dead and we've killed them. And what will happen in the wake of that? And I think, yeah, much of the totalitarianism in the twentieth century follows from that questioning of God
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: and the dismissal of
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: God from from public life. So I I would be sympathetic with that. When we're beyond good and evil, you know, and all of his left is the will to power. And then why are we surprised that the powerful rise and that they use the powerless for their purposes? When we forget ideas like equality and rights, which are grounded in God.
 
 Why are we surprised
 
 Lex Fridman: that death camps follow? So I I think there's a correlation there for sure. and I believe that there's a capacity to do good in all of us and a capacity
 
 Lex Fridman: to do evil, and there's something that tends towards good. whatever that is. I tend to think that if that community, that love that we talked about, they find each other. They find the the good. If you don't constrain the resources, if you don't push them, if you don't artificially create conflict through power centers and evil charismatic leaders, then people would be good to each other.
 
 And whether that's God or or some other source of deep moral meaning that seems to be essential for a
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: functioning
 
 Lex Fridman: civilization. Yep. And it's hard. I mean, that's what humans are. We're searching for what that God is, what that means.
 
 You know what that triggers my mind? I wonder if
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: you agree with this. That the modern sciences drew their strength from their narrowness. What I mean there is, is they almost complete bracketed, formal and final causality, a healing sense. And they focused on efficient and and material causality. And that gave, as I say, great strength, but from the narrowness of focus.
 
 But for Aristotle, the more important causes are the final and the formal causes. And so, final causality there. What's drawing us? So for Aristotle, he'd look at someone like me and say, okay, you're you have a intelligible structure and that leads you to seek certain things for the perfection of that structure, you know. Fair enough.
 
 That's right. So I seek the good. Right now, I'm seeking the good of of being with you. I said, yeah, I'll sit down with Lex Friedman will talk about deep and important things. That's the good I saw this morning when I
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: woke up.
 
 Lex Fridman: Now, why am I seeking that? Well,
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: for a higher reason to hire good, you know? because I as part of my work, my ministry is to, you know, the church reaching out beyond itself to the wider culture and Okay. Well, why do you want that? Well, because I wanna bring more and more people into into the what I think is beautiful and true and good in the church. Well, how come you want that?
 
 Well, because a long time ago, I was kinda myself brought into that realm and find it very compelling. Yeah. But then why do you want that? Well, because ultimately, I wanna be I wanna be friends with God. Now, I've given you one example there, but but any act of the will seems to me, has to be analyzed that way.
 
 the will seeks something. It seeks the good, right, by definition. But the good always nest like a Russian dial in in a higher good. Right? Which then Neston is still higher good.
 
 Until you come, this is Aquinas, to some, in this sense, uncause cause. an uncalled final cause. There has to be some Tsumebonum. Right? Some supreme good that you're looking for.
 
 And that's God, by the way. That's another, I think, rational path to God is is every single moment every day. We are implicitly seeking God.
 
 Lex Fridman: So with your word on fire ministries and and and the website and the communication efforts, what what what is the thing you're seeking? Just you if we can pause and for brief moment, allow you to be prideful. or I'm I'm of course just joking. But what what is your local efforts? Just small little pocket of the world with small in quotes.
 
 What was what was the word on fire? Yeah. It's just using the, you know, media, especially the new
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: media, the social media. to get the gospel out. So I started, what, twenty some years ago, just on a radio show in Chicago, a five fifteen on Sunday morning. I had a fifteen minute sermon show. And I asked the people in this parish I was at.
 
 I said, I need fifty thousand dollars to get on for fifteen minutes at five fifteen on Sunday morning. And they all laughed when I proposed that. but they gave me the money. Mhmm. So that's how I got started.
 
 Just doing a sermon on the radio. And then it branched off into into video stuff and TV. And then I did a a documentary. I went all over the world and I kind of told the story of Catholicism. So that's how we started.
 
 And now I'm using all the new media and social media. But what I really love what we're doing today is something I really like, which is having a conversation outside of just the narrow Catholic world or even the narrow Christian world. But to look out to the wider culture and, you know, who's talking about interesting things and how can the church engage there and
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: you know, so that's the purpose of word on
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: fire. Is it overwhelming
 
 Lex Fridman: to face so many different sort of atheists than complex thinkers like Jordan Peterson and some of the more political style thinkers that you've spoken with? Is that what is it? Dave Rubin, who's also -- Yeah.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: has
 
 Lex Fridman: a way different worldview as well. How how is that terrifying? Is that exciting to you? Yeah. Is it challenging?
 
 yeah, maybe all be above. But I more exciting.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: You know, I would say I I like doing that. I I was a teacher for a long time -- Yeah. -- taught in the seminar for, like, twenty years. And so I've been engaging these questions for a long time. I'm a writer.
 
 I've written about twenty some books. So and I I write some at a popular level. I write some at a high academic level. And I I like doing all that. So I I I love those ideas.
 
 I love those questions. Love engaging people. And and I I find my own experience you do run into, of course, a lot of
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: the, you know, visceral and kind
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: of just stupidity and all that online, and I get it. And religion is such a magnet for people's hostility for different reasons. So I get that. Like you read it, we talked about it. You have to wade through, you know, swamps of of upsanity and everything.
 
 But but I do it. I like it. And it's worthwhile. Because in that Reddit experience, so many of the issues that reacted by young people I can name them for you. Exactly what they are.
 
 It comes to religion. How do you know there's a God? So the God question. Secondly, Why is there so much suffering in the world? Third question, why do you think your religion is the right religion?
 
 Fourth, why you so mean to gay people? So those are the four things that I I again and again, come up when dealing with young people. I I've told my brother bishops and priests about that. I said,
 
 Lex Fridman: structure your adult education programs or structure your youth outreach around those four questions? Well, let me ask you about gay marriage. How do we make sense of the love between
 
 Lex Fridman: a man and a man and a woman and a woman and the institution of marriage.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: We we love friendship, and
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: friendship is at the heart of things. And so nothing wrong with friendship between, you know, man and man and woman and woman. But go back to Arstano, Thomas Aquinas, about natural finalities and intelligible forms that there's a certain form to human being, which includes the physical and includes the sexual has a proper finality. And so we'd recognize that finality is twofold, both unitive and percretive. And so Those two we recognize as the appropriate expression of human sexuality.
 
 So that's why the church holds to sex between a man and a woman within the context of marriage is the is the right expression. We reach out to everybody in love and in respect and deep understanding and seeking to understand their lives from the inside. So I mean, all of that, I I agree with the the bridge building that we need to do to people like in the gay community and people in in gay marriage and so on. So the church holds to the the intelligible structure if you want of human sexuality and it reaches out to real human beings always in an attitude of invitation and love and so on. So it's somewhere in there that the church takes its stand.
 
 And then
 
 Lex Fridman: so there's probably
 
 Lex Fridman: variation in the stances that it it takes. So you're saying the institution of marriage is about the unitive, which is like the friendship, the deep connection.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Yeah. Between two humans
 
 Lex Fridman: and the Procreative. So being able to have children and all that kind of stuff. It's interesting. So is is our gay couples seen as sinful? So does the church acknowledge the love?
 
 Yeah. That's the deep love that's possible between them. I think so. Yeah. Which is why the
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: church says in its official teaching, it's the physical expression, let's say, of of sexual passion between two men that is problematic, not their friendship, not their love for each other. So I think, yeah, we'd we'd confirm the first. Well, let me
 
 Lex Fridman: ask you another difficult topic that's just happening. Like the other one, like the other ones that we talked about. that's going on in the news now. As we sit here today, the supreme court has voted to overturn abortion rights in a draft majority opinion, striking down the landmark row versus weight decision. What are your thoughts on this?
 
 First of all, the human institution of the supreme court making these decisions throughout his history. And second of all, just the idea, the really powerful, the controversial the difficult idea of abortion. Yeah. I
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: mean, I'm against
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: abortion. I I'm I'm pro life. the church recognizes from the moment of conception, we're dealing with a a human life that's worthy of of respect and protection. especially as you see the unfolding of that person, you know, across a pregnancy. But at every stage, we recognize beauty and the dignity of of that human being.
 
 And so we stand opposed to this the outright killing of the innocent. So that's the church's view. Again, reaching out always in love and understanding and compassion to those who are dealing and believe me, every single pastor, every single priest understands that because we deal with people all the time who are in these painful situations. But that's the moral, you know, side of it. The legal side, I I think Rovi Way was terribly decided.
 
 I think one of the worst expressions of of American law since the the dred Scott decision. So I stand in favor of returning Roe v Wade and KC, I think they were terrible. The KC decision is is instructive to me. The it belongs to the nature of freedom that that Cision says. To determine the meaning of one's own life and it even I don't get the language exactly right, but and of the universe.
 
 Like, it gives this staggering scope to our freedom that we can determine the meaning. See, but that's repugnant to everything we just talked about. that I'm inventing the meaning of my life and of the universe. And so Casey, though, was instructive in a way because it it it tips its hand toward the problem culturally is that I think in my freedom, I can determine everything. my choice is all that matters.
 
 And I would say no, your your choice should be correlated to the order of the good. It's not sovereign. It doesn't reign sovereignly over being and it makes its own decisions. So I I think Casey was terrible law and and it was backing up Rovi Way, which is terrible law. So I I'm in favor of the overturning of those.
 
 I've spoken out that many times. Now, it'll return it to the individual states. It's not gonna you know, solve the problem. The individual states will have to decide. I just heard yesterday we were up in Sacramento.
 
 The bishop's having our annual meeting. And so we got the word, you know, from the governor and the legislators that they're gonna push for constitutional amendment in California. So basically to make any attempt to limit abortion in any way, just illegal. You know? I think
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: that's barbaric, you
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: know? So I I I stand radically opposed to that. It's such an
 
 Lex Fridman: interesting line because if if you believe that there's a it's it's a line that struggles with the the question of what it does it mean to be a living being or to give life to something? Because if you believe that at the moment of conception, you're you're basically creating a human life, then
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: abortion is murder. And then
 
 Lex Fridman: if you don't, then it's a sort of basic biological choice that's not taking away of a life. And the gap between those two beliefs is so vast. Yeah. That is hard and yet so fundamental to the question of what it means to be alive and the the fundamental question about the respect for human life and -- Yeah. -- human dignity.
 
 It's interesting to see. And also about freedom -- Right. -- you know, all of those things are mixed in there. Right. It's a struggle.
 
 Maybe the freedom is the most
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: important. You know, the sort of freedom run amok or See, you know, in in classical philosophy and theology, freedom is not self determination. Freedom is the disciplining
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: of desire, so is to
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: make the achievement of the good, first possible and then effortless.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: You know
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: what I'm saying? So modern freedom in the roots of that are people like William Barack in the late middle ages. Freedom means I I hovered above the yes and the no. Go ahead. Yes or no.
 
 And I'm the sovereign subject of that choice, and I would on on no basis, I will say yes or no. I'm like Louis the fourteenth, you know, I'm like Stalin or something, you know. But the
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Aquinas wouldn't
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: have recognized that as freedom. For him, it's I got this desire, you know, in me. I've got this will. And
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: it's pushing toward the good. But the trouble is
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: I got so many attachments and and I've I'm so stupid and I'm so conditioned by my sin that I can't achieve it. So I need to be disciplined in my desire. so as to make that achievement possible and then effortless. So right now, I'm freely speaking English to you. And, you know, we you had the experience, and I've had a two of learning a foreign language.
 
 And don't you feel unfreeze. You know, like, when you're you're struggling with a language, when I was over in Paris doing my doctoral work and, you know, I I was okay with French, but, you know, my first time in a seminar, and it's all these like, you know, intelligent francophones around the table and they're all just and I'm trying to say my little thing in my awkward French. And I felt unfreeze because I my desire wasn't wasn't directed, you know. But then over time, I became freer and freer speaker of French. I was ordered more to the good.
 
 That's a better understanding of freedom than sort of sovereign self determination. But our country is now, I think, really in the grip of that. I decide. And that's why the Netian thing comes to my mind of, you know, the the will to power. There's I'm beyond good and evil.
 
 It's just up to me to decide. Gotta help us. No. It's the values that we in to it around as intellectual moral and aesthetic, the values. Think of the dog on the beach again, and that you get ordered to those by your education, by your family, by your religion.
 
 And that's beautiful. That makes you free. And I I can freely enter into this. So this sovereign self determination business, that's not my game.
 
 Lex Fridman: The values come in part from the tradition. Mhmm. Carry through the generations. Let me ask you to put on your wife's hat and give advice to young folks. You know, high school and college.
 
 Yeah. thinking about, you know, what to do with their life, career. There's so many options out there. How how can they have career they can be proud of or even just the life they can be proud of. I think I say
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: find something you're good at. because that's from God. It's
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: a gift that God's given you and then dedicated to love. You know what I'm saying? So you're you're good at science or math or sports or whatever. Okay. I'm gonna use that now for my agreement, for my wealth, for my privileges and to become famous.
 
 Find what you're good at, but now dedicate it to willing the good of the other. So use your science and use your mathematics and use your sports and use your musicianship to to benefit the world. You know? That's how to tell them. So find what you're good at.
 
 That's that's from That's a tricky one. Finding what you're good
 
 Lex Fridman: at what because it's not just raw skill. It's also what you connect with -- Yeah. -- and it's also, like, this iterative process of if you wanna add
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: love to the
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: world,
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: you have
 
 Lex Fridman: to see how can you be effective at doing that. So it's not just the things you're good at. There's, like, there's, you know, I'm good at building bridges out of toothpicks. I'm not exactly sure that's going to be useful for the world. Then then again, to push back on that, the joy brings me maybe somehow the joy radiates out.
 
 Yeah. Well, you're good at
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: what you're doing right now, and and you've dedicated that to bringing more light and in illumination and and joy to the world. True. That was
 
 Lex Fridman: a that was a searching That's the process of -- Yeah. Sure. -- trying stuff and figuring it out. Right.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: And
 
 Lex Fridman: the ultimately, yes, asking the question how does this make in the world at all better at every step of the way -- Yeah. -- as opposed to enriching yourself and all those kinds of things. Right.
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: I think that's the name of the game. you know, but it's it's tricky. And if we don't have moral mentors and intellectual mentors, it becomes hard. And if you tell a kid, that's deadly to me. just decide for yourself.
 
 Just, you know, just off you go and and me, you make your own choices. I think your your your choice has to be disciplined. Your desire's gotta be directed. you know, then you're you'll find your creative path. Everyone does it in its own way, but it's it's a guided choice.
 
 Your freedom is not sovereign. It's a it's a guided freedom. So in the in the struggle and the suffering you've seen in the
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: world, Let me
 
 Lex Fridman: ask you the question of death. Have you how often do you think about your own mortality?
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: every
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: day. And one, are
 
 Lex Fridman: you afraid of it? The uncertainty of it? And what do you think happens after you die? sure
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: I'm afraid of it. I mean, because it's I don't I don't know what's next. I mean, I I I can't know it the way I know you. So, of course, I'm afraid of it. and I think of it every day.
 
 That's true. My prayer life compels me. You know, we have this the hail Mary prayer, you know. So he prayed the rosary. Now on at the hour of our death, amen.
 
 Now on at the hour of our death, amen. Now at the hour of our death, amen. He prayed the whole rosary. This fifty times, you reminded yourself of your own death. But I do.
 
 I think about it. Because it's the ultimate limit. That's why it's it's beguiled every artist and writer and philosopher. It's the ultimate limit, you know, question. But yeah, sure.
 
 I'm afraid of it because it's it's the unknown. What do I
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: think happens? I
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: think I'm drawn into the deeper embrace of god's love. You know, and
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: that's stating it kind
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: of in a in a more poetic way. Do you know John Polkinghorn's work? Do you know that name? Mhmm. John Polkinghorn was a very interesting.
 
 He just died recently. He was a Cambridge University particle physicist. Right? high high level scientist who at midlife became an Anglican priest. He left his job at Cambridge and went to the cemetery and became an Anglican priest.
 
 Right? And then wrote, I think some of the best stuff on science and religion, because he really knew the science from the inside. Here's PokerStars account, but I've always found persuasive. He said, what what survives
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: after we die? So this
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: body clearly dies and goes into the ground burnt up, or it it goes away. Right? But what's preserved? And he says, what Aristotle would have called the form Polion calls it the the pattern So the the pattern that's organized, the the matter
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: that's made
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: me up overall these years that's obviously not the same as it was, even I mean, you would know how often does it all change? All your atoms and cells? And, you know, it was a the the little, you know, Bobby Baron who was growing up in Birmingham, Michigan there I can have a picture of him, and then there's me. And I say, oh, that's that's the same person. Well, I mean, clearly not materially speaking, not at all.
 
 It's completely different. But there's there's a unity to whatever that pattern is by which all of that materiality has been kind of organized, you know. So Paul Caron says, I think that pattern is remembered by God, and remembers the wrong words, though it's like derivative. I mean, it's known by God. And
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: so God can
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: therefore reembody me according
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: to that
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: pattern at a higher pitch. what we call the resurrected body. So Paul talks about a spiritual body. It's body
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: for sure
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: because he believes in the resurrection of Jesus. But it's not a body like hours from this world. It's a it's a body at a higher pitch. So something some pattern that's there persists. Pattern persists in the mind of God and then is used as the ground of the embodiment of me.
 
 it's not like I've just become a platonic form. I'm gonna be re embodied because the Christian hope is
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: not for platonic escape of soul
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: from manor. That's never the Christian hope. It's for the resurrection of the body, we say. And he said, what a fantastic idea. Well, I don't know.
 
 I mean, this body is being reconstituted all the time according to this pattern. Right? It's not the same manner. And so might there be an another sort of higher material that is organized according to the same pattern, which has been remembered by God? So therefore, we can hang on to the language of body and soul if you want or matter and
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: form. But
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: it's the form remembered by God and then reconstituted in an embodied way by God that we call heaven, the heavenly state. That's what I hope for. That's my Christian faith, my Christian hope.
 
 Lex Fridman: let me ask you about the big question of of meaning. We've talked about in different directions from different perspectives. What's the meaning of our existence here on earth. What's the the meaning of life?
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: Love. God
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: is love. And the purpose of my life is to become God's friend. And that means I'm more conformed to love. And so my life finds meaning in the measure that I become more on fire with the divine love. I'm like the burning bush.
 
 Is is it become more and more radiant with the presence of God? That's what gives life meaning. meaning is is to live in a purpose of relationship to a value, I would say. So there's all kinds of values. As I say, moral, static intellectual values.
 
 And when I have a purposive relationship so right now, you and I, we have a purposive relationship to the value of, let's say, you know, finding out the truth of things and and we're speaking together to seek that. Well, good. What's the ultimate value? The value of values is God. The supreme good.
 
 Right? The supremely knowable. The supremely intelligible is God. And so to be conformed to God is to have a fully meaningful life. And who's God?
 
 God is love? So that that's where I would fit the package together that way. Your
 
 Lex Fridman: adding a lot of love to this world, and which is something I deeply appreciate. And that you would sit down with me, given how valuable your time is is a huge honor. Thank you so much. My great pleasure. loved
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: it. Thanks. Thank
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: you. Thanks for listening to this conversation with
 
 Lex Fridman: Bishop Robert Baron. To support this podcast, please check out our sponsors in the description. And now, let me leave you with some words from Bishop Robert Baron himself, which reminds me of the Dustyevsky line spoken through Prince Mishkin. that, quote, beauty will save the world. Robert says, begin with beautiful, which leads to the good which leads you to truth.
 
 Thank you for listening and hope to see you
 
 Bishop Robert Barron: next time.