
 Jack Barsky: something happened where they force my hand. Is the only time that the soviet engine was anywhere near me on the territory of the United States. So I'm waiting for the train on a dark morning still in Queens and there's this man in a black trench coat comes up to me from my right. And he was into my ears, you gotta come back. Or else you dead.
 
 Lex Fridman: The following is a conversation with Jack bar. The former Kgb beast spy author of deep undercover and the subject of an excellent podcast series called the agent. There are very few people who have defected from the Kgb and live to tell the story. It is one of the most powerful intelligence organizations in history. And this conversation gives a window into its operation, both from and ideological and psychological perspectives.
 
 But Also, it tells the story of a man who lived one heck. Of an incredible life. This is deluxe frequent podcast to support it. Please check on our sponsors in the description. And now to dear your friends.
 
 Here's Jack, Bar. Let's start with a big basic question. What is the
 
 Jack Barsky: Kgb? Right. So that it's a committee of state security. Based a pos this is a a personal is a threat right. Okay.
 
 And means this without... Right.
 
 Lex Fridman: And I guess that
 
 Jack Barsky: directly translates to security without threat. So... And don't don't exist anymore. It was dependent when the Soviet union fell apart and the successor agencies work are now the Sv and the F F supposedly they equivalent to the Fbi and s we are the Cia, but the Sv is relatively weak, and the F has has taken on a lot of espionage and you know, active measures and they're much bigger and stronger, but the most capable intelligence agency in russia see is the t military intelligence, then nobody knows very much that's right. I...
 
 When I wasn't the Kgb, I had no idea that there was military intelligence nobody ever mentioned anything like that. And by the way, I recently had a the pleasure to give a talk at the Dia. When they reached out to me, I didn't know they existed either. Interesting. Yeah.
 
 That that's always the question. If you want
 
 Lex Fridman: to be an intelligence agency, should the world know anything about you. Because in some sense, you want to create the legend in order to attract great confident individuals to work for you. But at the same time, you want it to be shrouded in complete mystery and nobody knows you exist you might be able to operate well as an as an intelligence agency. That that that is fascinating, but F b is the thing that carries the flag. Right.
 
 Of of Kgb, kgb being probably one of if not the most sort of infamous, famous infamous and powerful intelligence agencies.
 
 Jack Barsky: And yes, ever, absolutely one hundred percent
 
 Lex Fridman: It was founded in nineteen fifty four after the death of Stalin. You've in writing
 
 Jack Barsky: your book
 
 Lex Fridman: looked back at the predecessor at the history. Right. Is there some way in which the Kgb is grounded in the culture, the spirit, the soul of its predecessor.
 
 Jack Barsky: Oh, absolutely. They just changed names and they changed personnel rather frequently, i had i had something to do with the Stalin's paranoia from between nineteen, twenty three, and I don't remember what I think it may have been the end k d at that time. It started as a, and then it became the get Gpu the... Three or four left. Yes.
 
 But but... With those name changes, you also had changes at the top. Between nineteen twenty three and nineteen, fifty three when stalin and died. That is thirty years. They had eight heads of intelligence and of of those eight, six were executed when they were replaced.
 
 So that's an... That's an indication that, you know, this was an organization that ate itself from the inside. The Soviet Union was the only dictatorship in history that did not dress its powers on the military. They arrested its powers on the intelligence apparatus, and that thing was unstable. So you know where that leads, eventually, if you rest your power on something that is made out of bricks that don't hold a lot of load.
 
 It will it will fall apart.
 
 Lex Fridman: On sand. Yeah. Why was it unstable? Would you say, what what a human nature?
 
 Jack Barsky: Oh, did the mention on this? It's the paranoia. It's you, stalin was always worried about, you know, what the the more most powerful people coming after him. So he proactively killed off heads of the Kgb and and he had this great purge where he got rid of a lot of his generals you know, really capable generals and that that cost dearly when World war too started because, you know, it needs he started off with with a a force that wasn't as capable as it could have been. Was it paranoia to all levels I believe so I believe so it it comes from the top.
 
 And so if the top doesn't trust you, you always have to worry about did your peers... Knit on you. Yeah. Okay. So so...
 
 And and I think we have a very similar situation in Russia today. And this in this kind of atmosphere, The truth will never get to the top. So no matter
 
 Lex Fridman: what moral rules the organization operates under. Trust is fundamental to its competence.
 
 Jack Barsky: Oh, absolutely. And I wanna extend this to my own existence. And this is kind of strange. It it's it's almost economist because, you know, I was running around the line to everybody and you know, I couldn't fundamentally be trusted, but the relationship that I had with the Kgb was based on trust. They if they don't trust me, they don't send me out.
 
 And if I don't trust him, I'm not going, and I eventually broke that trust and they knew there was always a danger.
 
 Lex Fridman: They knew that because something about you or just something about human beings.
 
 Jack Barsky: No. There were right. There there were hints about you know, how long my assignment would be so ten to twelve years, and you see, it makes sense. Alright, i I was becoming an American. And over time, I would become more and more American, and there was always a chance that I liked the more here than there that that I was really successful in what I was supposed to do.
 
 And it sort of happened but in my case it happened because of... I father a child who I didn't wanna leave when they wanted me back. So love always screws up, Oh, no you're your employment competence yes. You absolutely right. Yes.
 
 So that... But they thought, you know, that I had an anchor at home because I had a wife and a son at home, which, you know, you've gotta to worry about them. If fuel defect. Mh. Because in the past, the Kgb
 
 Lex Fridman: was would go after after family. Ruthless, including perhaps violence. Yeah. This is a hard question about the Kgb because it's one of the most ruthless organizations, but in general, are there lines Kgb agents, at every level of the hierarchy that they would not cross. Political legal ethical or does anything goes to achieve the
 
 Jack Barsky: goal? I was only in touch with the two types of agents as well the technical experts, the ones that taught me trade draft. And they were like, engineers and you know they were in charge of the secret writing and the the the the more called short wave radio reception decryption encryption, and that kind of stuff. Those were just doing their job. Right.
 
 And the others the ones that trained me that prepared me for a life in the United States. They were nice people. They were elegant people. I I don't think they that they would not fit into the stereotype of the ruthless gun carrying agent. Is it possible that you would not be aware of the parts of the Kgb.
 
 I mean, it's very modular. Would you... Yeah. It's possibly you're not aware the parts the Kgb that that are the quote unquote muscle. Oh, I didn't know.
 
 I would find out afterwards after I, you know, retired and and started doing some research, I had no clue you're kind of operating in a bubble. Are we very much so I mean, this is what the Kgb did really, really well. And and that was based on you know, the communist movement while it was still underground, you know, the the cells were very small and the that maybe there were three members in one cell that knew one another. And then they had a liaison onto to another cell. So with the the bottom line is if if you got one one of those folks were caught, they could maybe betray four people or three something like that.
 
 And in the Kgb continued with that tradition. I have reason to believe that the my handler... The person Moscow that sort of directed me and made decisions what to do and where go, never met me personally. There's no reason to. Right?
 
 Why would... So... And and this this actually was a big advantage over other intelligence services because, you know, you look at what the Cia does everybody bla. There's a lot of leaks coming out of American intelligence. I don't think there's as many leaks coming out of the Mo odd strong words from Jaguar Barr.
 
 So i me that is a question I wanna
 
 Lex Fridman: ask a little more systematically. Is there something unique about the Kgb compared to the other intelligence agencies? Let's let's talk. The British intelligence, I six, Masa assad, Cia, is there unique cultures spirits, souls of the different organizations, they may be somehow connected to the structures of government, connect maybe the the values of the people, those kinds of things. I
 
 Jack Barsky: believe we were all pretty much strong believers in communism in the future of the world being in Kgb. Yes. I think that that unified us to large we even the
 
 Lex Fridman: technicians. So even it wasn't something like... Yeah. Yeah. The the parents believe this thing, but we know the truth.
 
 You really believe the story of con absolutely did And it...
 
 Jack Barsky: And you you need to look at the time frame. The Soviet Union after World war two made quite a bit of progress in influencing the third world. And I still remember, in when I was in middle school, we had a map on the map of the world and it was coded. So Red was communism. That was the Soviet union and in the the Eastern states.
 
 And then Blue was capitalism. And then then we had green, which were the third world countries and the green slowly turned pink because a lot of third world governments like I'm looking at Angola I'm looking at Vietnam. In the a lot of these countries were very sympathetic to to the Soviet union. And so we sort of know that this would go on like that and eventually, we would take over and you know pretty much overtake that was that was the the myth overtake the United States not only mil military, but also in terms of industrial production and and so forth. That was stupid pipe dream the military It was a standoff of as we know.
 
 Well, stupid pipe dream
 
 Lex Fridman: Hitler had a stupid pipe dream. Yep. That he executed it exceptionally effectively and on. If not for a handful of military mistakes, a wall could look very different. the
 
 Jack Barsky: biggest one being invading the Soviet Union, particularly at the time he did it because he ran into the same thing that that Napoleon ran into general winter. Well, within... So operation
 
 Lex Fridman: bob Bro, so would within that he could have made different decisions. Yeah. For example, attacking skipping kiev and attacking Moscow directly over government. So marching, I guess, that that would be learning the lessons from the napoleon as opposed to as opposed to a different kind of distribution of forces and then getting bogged down in the winter. But the point is these ambitions sometimes do you know, the ambitions of Empire, sometimes do materialize in the growth and the building and the establishment to those empires and those empires write the history books in such a way that we don't think go them as empires, or we certainly don't think of them as the bad guys.
 
 They write the history books, therefore they're the good guys. And right now, America has effectively written the book about the good guys. I happen to believe that book. But it's... We should be humbled and open minded to realize that that is in fact what is happening is effective empires right, The history books and tell stories and tell us propaganda and tell us narratives that we believe because we are human beings and we love to get together and believe ideas.
 
 We love to dream of a beautiful world and try to build that beautiful world together. In the United States. That's a beautiful world, the freedom of respective human rights of alma men created equal. Yes. Pursuit of happiness.
 
 You know, it always sounds good. If you look at what the the dream of communism is, it sure heck in its words, on the surface sounds good. Expect for the work yes. The working class, the lower classes that have been t on that have been stolen from by the powerful. They deserve to have the money, the power, the respect that they have earned through their hard work sounds
 
 Jack Barsky: great, and everybody gets along, and we we just have to, you know, all men are wonderful people And if they if they go bad, it has something to do with the fact that they have they have been oppressed. Right. And that dream just never worked out. And even even it is... When you think about it, and I didn't think about it.
 
 When you're young, you know, you just emotionally you accept it. But when you think about it, Somehow that new wonderful organization has to organize itself. Even though Lenin predicted that state eventually would go away. But where how does how does it work? Then you have like anarchy.
 
 Right? You have to have an organization. And the only way to really and organize a large number of people is with a hierarchy. Mh So... And who gets to the top, the the ones that are that want to go to the top, the ones that believe in themselves, the ones no ones did no better than everybody else.
 
 And once you have that hierarchy established, there is no guarantee that it doesn't that that it won't go bad. And actually, when you look at history, every such hierarchy has gone bad. You know, you look at Cuba for instance, I believe Fide castro was a an honest revolutionary. I do believe that... And so what did Cuba turn into?
 
 Yeah. There's something about and you speak about Vladimir or Putin in this
 
 Lex Fridman: way, but let's step away from that for a second. Is there something about being an honest revolutionary that wants to do good for their country and you start to believe that you know better than everyone else how to you good on the country? And you very well might, Mh first. But then somehow that grows into a distortion field where you know... You keep believing you know what's right.
 
 Yeah. And all the people who disagree with you you stop seeing them having a point, You instead see them as, like evil manipulator. Of the truth that are actually trying to hurt people for their own greed for their own power, and you will protect the people because you know what's good. In the case of Stalin, I... I mean, I don't know.
 
 But it seems like he really believe that communism would bring about a much better world. I mean, there was a sense the... You have to crack a few eggs to make an omelette. Right This idea that sacrifice necessary to bring about a greater world And then the other aspect
 
 Jack Barsky: is
 
 Lex Fridman: sort of ruling by terror, creating terror on justified political mechanism to achieve a better world. So it wasn't... I mean, perhaps he had to do that to be able to sleep at night with the atrocities he's committing he's I think he believed he will bring about
 
 Jack Barsky: better of world. And by the way, the terror didn't start with Stalin it started right after the bolsheviks took over. When Lennon told mister Jo, come To build a chick and then execute the... This is what he called it the the Red arrow. So.
 
 So at that at the birth of the Soviet union that was already terror, and it was deliberate, and it it also was It wasn't just focused on the enemies. It was focused on whoever we you didn't like. There was there was no rule of law. There was no there there there was no no court cases. You know, people would just pulled out of their apartment and shot on side.
 
 And the this was done by con revolutionaries who who were convinced that eventually you know, that these sacrifice it had to be made and eventually that would lead to a much better planet.
 
 Lex Fridman: And the populace believe
 
 Jack Barsky: this. Too.
 
 Lex Fridman: And those sacrifices in part.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. I
 
 Lex Fridman: mean this is such a dark thing about dictatorship is you believe it but you're also too afraid to question your beliefs. Like, you're not directly afraid, but almost like I don't know what that is. That's almost like a subconscious fear. Like, don't... There's a dark room with the lock door.
 
 Don't look in that door. Don't check that door. And there's something part about the United States that says especially modern culture. They go to that door first. And sort of question everything kind of that's the power of the feet of a speech in the freedom of the press, but you can get almost become too critical and too cynical of your own culture in that way.
 
 So there's... There's a balance of strike, of course, but man... Is if that's if communism not less than human nature. I don't know what is. But you believed without thinking too much about it, you believe right in the my story of car.
 
 What what did you see just You know, I came from the Soviet union. What did you maybe feel? That's right and good about communism about the vision of Communist. What do you remember like
 
 Jack Barsky: I think the biggest impetus and and and me believing in communism was that come... The communists when when just before Hitler took over, The communists were the only force in Germany that fought the nazis. In the streets. And that's his a historic truth. Yes.
 
 And and communists were hunted down by the Nazis. Killed put concentration camps and so what we knew when what we were taught and I think that was a huge error by the Western countries, particularly the United States that there were x nazis in the government in West Germany.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah.
 
 Jack Barsky: And the most famous one was Rein Galen who was charlie. What's the general charge of the intelligence on the east front under Hitler. And when the allied won the war, it was decided that Ge was too important with his knowledge of the his he's in his organization. Was too important to to not use... So he was opted by the Cia and eventually wound up being the head of the bun that's not against the Cia of West Germany.
 
 That guy was us when I say us, you know, the the is german party a huge propaganda of victory. I wanted to... Because he his... The emotional aspect of this was as follows When we we were in when junior in high school and in in those days, when you you were only allowed to go to high school if you were in the top ten percent of students. Okay?
 
 So this was going to be the next set of rolling elite in the country. We were sent we were required to visit a concentration camp. And if you know what what we... As a seventeen year old were made to look at It was gut wrench. How can men do something like that to men piles of corpses?
 
 Lamps shades made out of human skin because the... That's skin had tattoos on them and a front head some heads like the size of my fist. And... I mean, the
 
 Lex Fridman: girls all cried, and it would made a huge impression. And that was the... That was the nazis. And yes. The communist.
 
 I mean wasn't might
 
 Jack Barsky: they were the good guys. Of course, you know, in hindsight, if the communist had come to power, it would have been just the other way around it as we know given the example of stalin and m. Right? So but we didn't know
 
 Lex Fridman: that. But from the Russian soviet perspective, the Communist regime band together to win the great patriotic war.
 
 Jack Barsky: And then that was the the second one, you know, the big brother done the Soviet Union I mean, when when I was approached by the Kgb that was like oh, I I felt so honored
 
 Lex Fridman: yeah. So we should say, that we're talking about East Germany, the your family east Germany. Can you describe you born? Four years and what is it?
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. For years ten days. Yeah. Sort of very good. After two
 
 Lex Fridman: conditional surrender in World war two. So what is East Germany? What is West Germany what is East West, Germany? What is that? What's the difference?
 
 What's his the historical context here? What is World war two again? And then... Oh
 
 Jack Barsky: let let's do. For... We don't have to go to World war one, which the result of which actually seeded World war two in some respect. Yes. There there's a long history sure.
 
 Yes. But that start with world war two. So when Hitler came to power, he he and his his leadership decided that the Germans needed more what they call Le phone. That means room to live. So...
 
 And they would you know, they would start expanding at and they went into France they they took Belgium the Netherlands are they next Austria. And and got a piece of the of of the of Czech Slovakia. And then they decided to marched into the Soviet Union and after after they took Poland and cut up cut up poland together with the soviet union Yes. They were friends. Yes.
 
 They were. It was non aggression pack, but between that was signed by Rib T and Molotov. Right? I think both parties knew that eventually they would fall apart, but at the time, it gave the Soviet union a little more a piece of poland and a little more time to prepare what they thought might happen down the road. And and the determines had, you know, the the time and the...
 
 And the ability to pretty much conquer all of Western Europe. Do you think Stalin really knew that's gonna fall apart? Why would somebody like Stalin trust somebody like Hitler. But why did he blu her
 
 Lex Fridman: so bad not to read the intelligence that was coming his way.
 
 Jack Barsky: Oh, he troops are mass on the border union. Didn't trust his own intelligence apparatus like is one one example... There was a German and communist who... Who went on the ground when Hitler took over and he will... He went to japan as a journalist.
 
 His name is Z. Hey heads ahead. Really, really good into Intel about what the Japanese would do and not doing. He and it I forgot exactly what it was, but it was... It came to Moscow and stalin totally totally ignored.
 
 And and when Z was captured by the by the japanese this soviet Union denied that he was one of there, so he was executed. The the paranoia again, does a lot of damage. We when you don't... But when you don't believe your own intelligence apparatus why why bother having one?
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. I mean, they're... But I'm sure there's contradictory information coming in from the intelligence apparatus. So it's difficult. I, first of all, nobody likes to be disagreed with, especially when you get become more and more powerful and then the intelligence apparatus is probably giving information you don't like.
 
 But it's often negative information about... Yeah. Basically information that says that the decision you made in the past are not great decisions and that's a difficult truth to deal with. Yeah. So they're...
 
 you know, in the modern times, if we hop around briefly is vladimir Putin has been not happy with the intelligence of the F b thereby at least if you read the news. Right? Choosing to put more priority to the Gru for the intelligence in Ukraine. Right. But I guess I i suppose the same story happens there as it just distraught history is paranoia.
 
 I I give you an
 
 Jack Barsky: example that that comes from a very reliable source. And that my my best german friend worked as a chemist in s. He's german intelligence. And he Eventually, he he rose to the rank of major and was in charge of the forge department. It's very likely that he made passports that I used to travel.
 
 He was aware that there was intelligence that there was that was collected to study was really good. They had about a thousand people who west Germany undercover agents. Some of them in government And the central committee of of of the party and this is Maker's ignored it because it didn't quite fit in their worldview view. It didn't quite fit. Into their plans.
 
 Mh. So... And and one one delicious thing that I just wanna add on to this when Go wrote his book about Their current glass. The the East German rulers did not like it they were much much more orthodox. So they had to print the box and translation.
 
 Guess where they wound up. They were the. It piled up in the hallways of the s. They they bought the entire print to run.
 
 Lex Fridman: Fascinating setting. So but let's backtrack. So operation Barb, envision hit by By the union and then hopefully, that leaves us all the way to East Germany, West Germany. Right after
 
 Jack Barsky: the end of the war. So what what happened was that the soviet union rolled into the eastern part of Germany and the Western allies took a larger chunk because which was eventually it was occupied by the three allies, the French and the moon the English and the Americans. And the Eastern part was occupied by the by Soviet troops. And the Soviet troops actually conquered Berlin. Yeah.
 
 But as a... And and and as an a in a contract, they decided that Berlin would be reviewed by the four allies and they all had, you know, had free access to that city. I was born in the East german part which very quickly became ruled by communist socialist. The the communist party and the socialist party United and but the leaders of that new party for all communist is nevertheless called Democratic. Yes.
 
 German Democratic Republic, which was formed a couple of months after I was born. I was born into a the remote South Corner of of East Germany. And interestingly enough, genetically, I'm only half term and the the other other hand. The other half is check polish Nice. Because where I grew up, you know, we I could walk to the nicer river, which was the part with Poland, and and it was only about an hour by bus to get to the check border.
 
 So that's why I'm a mix. So, okay. So east Germany after the war was communist, socialist, Yeah. And the West Germany was representing the Western world with the right democracy and what the United States did would this was really, really, very forward looking, very strategic day the the marshall plan to rebuild the economy in the west. As compared to what the Soviet union did they...
 
 Whatever they hadn't destroyed on the way in, they took with them on the way out for reparations because, you know, they had everybody to do that, but it was not a good idea because, you know, east Germany was always behind an economic
 
 Lex Fridman: development to to the Western counterpart. So when you're young, as today but when you're young, you were clearly an exceptional student. Yeah. Your brilliant academic superstar Let's go to your childhood. What's a fond memory from childhood do you have and being woken up to the beauty of this world and sort of being curious about all the mysteries around you that I think ultimately lead to academic success.
 
 Jack Barsky: Or was it or the the fond memory that that comes to mind is my first kiss. How's was that. Do wanna go to the details of that what what what
 
 Lex Fridman: what what what you make of that... Would you make that? Guess? What what would that teach you about yourself and human nature and all that.
 
 Jack Barsky: It taught me only in hindsight. At the time I was just like, my god. I was head over heels in love. I was at sixteen years old. Yeah.
 
 And I I I knew it in those days, I admired girls. I I knew the girls were like sort of magical beings. They were not capable of doing evil things. Mh. They were beautiful and they had to be adored.
 
 And one of them actually loved me too. She came after me. Initially.
 
 Lex Fridman: Right? And that was like that was... That too was magical for you.
 
 Jack Barsky: Oh my god. Yeah. And and I literally, I dedicated, that's when I started studying up until that point. I just like did whatever I had to do to be in a minus students and that's when I started studying and A that I got I dedicated to her sometimes explicitly because I knew I was gonna take care of her, you know, when as I go up. You're gonna have to work hard that world to be somebody that could be adored by the...
 
 By those you like. Yes. You're right. You know that that Kiss. The the next day, I was running around in school with the winner of my face.
 
 And maybe that in some way that g never fades. So what about
 
 Lex Fridman: the heartbreak that followed? Surely
 
 Jack Barsky: But just to expand on this a little more is because that that passion that I had, was an indication that eventually love would play a big role in my life. I wasn't aware of it. I was just directed at this
 
 Lex Fridman: one girl. But but that that you understood that that feeling... Oh my god That taught you something like they you're somebody that can feel those things absolutely. And there's that's a strong part of who you are, and therefore, it will also be a part of directing your life trajectory.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. So we we were an item for two years. I lost my virgin virginia.
 
 Lex Fridman: Graduate.
 
 Jack Barsky: She was not a virgin at the time. She... She my my my competitor was... I always is a competitor Was isn't that how it works? And he studied medicine in in college already in which ways was he better than you?
 
 He wasn't he was older and he was more experienced.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah.
 
 Jack Barsky: And he was gonna be a doctor, and I... But, you know, I was there and he was not the, you know, presence wins
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. But you still had big dreams, you want to be a ten year professor? Yes. Yes. So you you still want to I'll do that guy.
 
 Jack Barsky: Oh, yeah. And and she he eventually told me that, you know, he he was... He was not in a picture anymore. So it was back and forth back and forth and the... Our was senior year, we were an item and and i was the streaming of, you know, the future, but sort of we didn't figure out that, you know, in those days if she went to college in Berlin, and I went to college Indiana and that the distance to...
 
 Between the two cities was two. There was too much to for a weekend visit, you know, public transportation was very slow and nobody had cars. So to the circumstance of life. Yeah. And so we interacted with a couple of letters and then I got the good goodbye letter.
 
 Oh my god that hurt. I can still feel it.
 
 Lex Fridman: You you know when that's that's a good thing that you could feel the pain that's still part of love. That's that's that the pain of loss is still part of love. And then you kinda... Change that you shape it and you give that love in deeper, more profound ways to future
 
 Jack Barsky: feet. Very well put. But it at the time, it it it emptied me out Yeah. If if I had a tendency to, you know, to have suicidal thoughts, I might have killed myself. It was...
 
 Lex Fridman: So what... Would you say that was one of the darker moments of your life? Let me see.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. There's a single moment. Yes. So, you know, I'm I still remember we had a a a mail slot in the front door. And I I was expecting a letter any day, and there was the letter I go upstairs into my my bedroom and I open it and I eat it.
 
 And i just like the life went out of me. You're just there alone. Here you have to experience this pain alone. So while you're deeply alone in this world. Yes.
 
 Because I didn't have a... There was no emotional relationship with my parents. I've literally had nobody. So this love you have in you had no had no place to grid it was choked off. Alright?
 
 So... But I... What I did was I I I wanted to go on. Right? And so I threw myself into the study of chemistry, I outward all of my fellow students in a big way.
 
 I just, like, I worked my ass often, and since I was pretty smart to, I just ate practically everything. And for the first two years in college and looked we go to college they all these pretty girls and their dances and everything. We had this this great student club where I I didn't look at any girls. Like i... Eventually I knew I was going to You wanna have female companionship, but love.
 
 U, no more that hurts. There's a there's a song that goes love hurts.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. And I know that one. That's true. There's extra many songs. They that have a similar message.
 
 Yes. U. So during that time, during your excellence, just being exceptional student of chemistry, Let's go to your story. So in your book deep on cover, my secret life and Ting the allegiance is a kgb Spy America. And any the really, really excellent podcast series that I've been listening to as people should definitely listen to it's called the agent.
 
 You document your time as a Kgb spy before during and after can you tell the story when you first were contacted by the Kgb, Those
 
 Jack Barsky: how you were invited. The offer to join was made. Well, it was a big surprise and I I never thought of myself as as a potential agent. You know, I was gonna be tenured professor and join the ruling elite because in in Europe, tenured professors are a few not like in the United States, you know, anybody who teaches at college as a as a title of professor. Easy now.
 
 It's true. Yeah. That's not a criticism. Just hundred
 
 Lex Fridman: percent. So we should also clarify that danny professor or not... It it is a very prestigious position throughout history of Europe. Yep. Yeah.
 
 I would say, especially communist. I I don't know what she know the full landscape of their respect but at least in the soviet Union where go up it's a prestigious position. Absolutely was. And the the tunnel you not had about a hundred
 
 Jack Barsky: thousand people live there. And I would... It's a wild guess, but maybe thirty tenured professors and they were part of the ruling elite. I was trying to do it as much as I can to live the good life. Right?
 
 You know, you know, have access to things that that are nice. Yeah. But I think the powerful thing about being a professor in that context
 
 Lex Fridman: of east Germany is the prestige.
 
 Jack Barsky: And the feeling of superiority, you know, I I was full of myself. You know, when when when you are the best of the best, And I I in my third year, I received a scholarship the Karl mark's scholarship that was limited to one hundred concurrent recipients in the country. So my god. No. I i I was full of myself.
 
 I I I believe in myself, hook hook line in sink. And and and I was also... This... I got a lot of accolades from teachers and fellow too, they were feeding the ego, the old I mean, yeah. You you have to believe in yourself often when
 
 Lex Fridman: you're young to two leaves. Right. Right to excel. And and you sure as i did.
 
 Jack Barsky: But you know, as a balance, you need a mentor or somebody who puts things in perspective, and I didn't have one. My my father was non entity and nobody else. They they all looked up to me. Yeah. I was an up and coming guy.
 
 Lex Fridman: Right? So there's no father figure that put you in your place.
 
 Jack Barsky: Not at all. And and I give you one extreme example of what down the road when I father a child out a wed lock. That was my fifth year, I believe. The the communist party in East germany was very moral. If you did that, they would have a talk with you and give you whatever severe recommend.
 
 Nobody even mentioned the word about this. So yeah. So this is this is how this ego gets gets nurture. But anyway, getting back to how the Kgb came contact. So they most likely that knowledge of me by, you know, looking at S records.
 
 The not what's s? Oh, that was east german secret police. Start security for the
 
 Lex Fridman: state. There's that word security again.
 
 Jack Barsky: And they pretty much kept a record on on everybody in the country. And so when you when you look through this in And this is what the Kgb was looking for. They were looking for candidates, particularly for this kind of job that they had in mind for me for candidates. Who were not, you know, in the mid twenties who were not fully developed yet, but mature enough to to get there. And and and still young enough.
 
 Right? Because because at that level maturity, you can test whether they can
 
 Lex Fridman: handle this kind of,
 
 Jack Barsky: but yes. Absolutely right. So... And one day, I got a knock on my door and my dorm room door was on a Saturday. And they knew that I was by myself.
 
 How did they know it? We had... I pieced this together. We had an exchange student from the Soviet Union. And he was next door to me.
 
 And he... you know, he he be prevented me. So he he got to know me a little bit. And and the pattern was that my roommate would always go home for the weekend. And of course, they also knew which door to knock on even though they were on name plates.
 
 Right? So somebody knocks. And I knew it was a stranger because if if if it had a student the the pattern was that we would knock on the door and then go in. We would wait for somebody to to let us in. So I didn't I waited it for ten seconds and I he didn't come in.
 
 I I knew that was stranger I said come on in. And then came a person who spoke fluent german. So that was not a Kgb guide. It was a collaborator. When...
 
 And so he he started making a bunch of small talk introduce himself, is the as a representative of called, which was the optics company that made there was made really, really good optical instruments. Was one of the best in the world. So it's it's like the you know, the the the super prestigious company in that place. Right. And he said, you know, I that he was a representative of that company.
 
 And he would just wanna find out if what my plans were after graduating from college. And at that point, I know he wasn't from called us know because in those days, there was no recruitment. You when when you were done, if you were in the top ten percent of the graduates, you would most likely pick to stay and get a doctorate Right? And the rest of them were assigned, you know, where you had no choice. So so that guy was an idiot.
 
 Mh. He he didn't know the basics
 
 Lex Fridman: about you interviewed him a little bit. To understand like,
 
 Jack Barsky: oh you know I you know, i start, like, feel out. Is this guy full shit?
 
 Lex Fridman: Because yeah. He's
 
 Jack Barsky: a stranger showing up to your dorm. And I knew that at that point, I know he was s, which is wrong, but doesn't matter because it was German, and I had no idea that the Kgb would be involved. So I'm sorry to pause briefly.
 
 Lex Fridman: Did you have a sense? Did people know that there's a s type of organization? That there's a large number of people doing this kind of work in these Germany... In in order for you to make that guess
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. We we knew that the s existed. We even had our James Bond. You know, we had a series quality invisible visor where and a s employee in East german and would go into West Germany and hunt down Nazis. Yes.
 
 So yes, the s was was known to be there and admired
 
 Lex Fridman: in part or feared or
 
 Jack Barsky: but. I I thought they were necessary and I admire them James Bond. The re yes. The reason I did so because I had no information to the contrary. I never knew anybody personally or even, you know, somewhat removed, who was followed by the S was, you know, put in jail.
 
 I I had have no clue. I had no clue that they did a lot of damage and that they were, like, doing a lot of surveillance of of of the german population the same way. The Kgb for the Soviet Union. So for me to be talking to somebody from the start, it was it It raised my interest. I was curious what comes next because I sort of knew something interesting would becoming at me, and I I had no...
 
 I had no other thoughts about that at that point. So when when he was finally when he he went in he went for the kill by reversing himself. He said, you know, I gotta tell you that I really... I really believe I'm not from kart you know, I'm from the government. Okay.
 
 Thank you for pointing that out. And then he asked his question He says, can you imagine to one day work for the government? And so I gave a pretty clever answer I said, yes, but not as a chemist. So we... I answered the question that he didn't ask I helped him out.
 
 So we made an arrangement to meet meat for lunch, which in Germany is the main meal. At the number one restaurant and Indiana. You I still remember what I ate. What was that rum steak with with butter on top mode in french fries. So this was my favorite Anyway, so when I get to the restaurant, I I saw this fellow sitting in the back there at the table, and there was another person at the table.
 
 So I was a little bit hesitant because in those days, it was not unusual for for perfect strangers to share a table, because that one wasn't weren't enough tables and chairs and so forth. So I didn't know if I could approach him, but he he got up and came to me and he he took me to the table, and he said, I want to introduce Herman, we work with our Soviet comrades. U. Kgb b. And then he he disappeared.
 
 He said, I I got something else to do. I never knew his name.
 
 Lex Fridman: I... He just handed me over to the Kgb b. What was the relationship between the Kgb and the s as collaborators, closed collaborators or just distant
 
 Jack Barsky: associates. They were pretty close collaborators. As I told you that, you know, they they they bought four documents that the Germans made because the germans were better at forge. They also exchanged information, but they didn't trust each to other hundred percent and and And I and I tell you why I know that. So they've recruited me to send me to West Germany.
 
 As I already said, east germany had a thousand agents over there. Why would they have the wanna have their own?
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Yeah. Okay. This is a... If fascinating internal and external dynamic of dis distress.
 
 Yeah. Okay. So there you are.
 
 Jack Barsky: Welcomed by the Kgb. When did the offer, the invite come? Well, that took a while. So Herman and and I had an unofficial relationship for about a year and a half. I would meet him once a week once every two weeks.
 
 Initially in his car, but then he he he he took me to a inspirational flat to there was an apartment that was occupied by a a party member a lady, single lady when we came in, she would leave. She left us tea in cookies, and then we could freely talk. He also that time gave me some west German Literature magazines to Read, which was, of course, forbidden. So already starting to feel somewhat special. And as we were talking about who what they had in mind for me in general, I knew that I was gonna be even more special because I would be above the law.
 
 Lex Fridman: I would
 
 Jack Barsky: I would operate outside the law of of the countries I would go to as well as is Germany because, you know, the the magazines and and eventually when when I joined up, they told me a better watch worth and television, which was also not explicitly prohibited, but it was something that could you get you in trouble. So so on many levels you're super special. You're
 
 Lex Fridman: the json bond? Yes. Yes. So what was that recruitment testing process like testing, whether you... Yeah.
 
 Are you have what it takes to be a cage
 
 Jack Barsky: woman. Agent. First of all, we had very end talks Herman and I about life. And I I I was... I still am very honest and sharing my feelings.
 
 Philosophical personal personal.
 
 Lex Fridman: Person.
 
 Jack Barsky: I even not even told him that I was shy around the girls. He... He was giving you a relationship advice or what?
 
 Lex Fridman: What you how it was? So what what was dynamic? Tell me? Was it a father son
 
 Jack Barsky: No all the brother. Older brother brother. Yeah. He was maybe in his early to mid thirties, and I was maybe ten years younger. And
 
 Lex Fridman: what languages did he speak?
 
 Jack Barsky: You speak Robin he's spoke roman pretty well. But he's originally from... Oh. Yeah. With the russian accent.
 
 No. So I got in trouble one time with him when when I ask him, is your real name get him on? He didn't like that. You didn't like. What was he good with girls?
 
 Was was... No. No. He just you know cg he told... I remember what he told me he says, you know, you gotta understand one thing.
 
 They're looking for guys too. That's that's all. No. Oh girls so would
 
 Lex Fridman: But it's a competitive game. Yeah.
 
 Jack Barsky: You don't don't worry about it. You know, Don't be so shy. So that little flame of love that we talked
 
 Lex Fridman: about. Yeah. In all the shapes that it takes in our life. Did he talk to you about that? That they could be taken advantage of that that could be used?
 
 Jack Barsky: Or was it implied? Yeah. But not in nothing it was not very focused, not in great detail. So let's... So we talked about personal stuff and you know, like dislikes he gave me tasks.
 
 For instance when my friend and I hitch he from from Easter and you all the way down to Bulgaria, he told me to write a report about it. What I saw. So. Fundamentally, he wanted to see how well I can I can write and how well I can report how well I observe. He also asked me to write some profiles about fellow students.
 
 I don't believe that was for them to give him to the s. It was just like how well do I characterize people? What's that's important when you're talking about when I was in the Us active in the Us I operated as a spot or so I did exactly that. I wrote profiles about people. He also gave me some tests to do that were rather unpleasant.
 
 We would give me an address in the name of the people who lived at the address And he told me to go there, bring the doorbell and find out something about a relative who lived in West Germany. That is the undercover exploration. Right? So you go you you make up a story and somehow win the confidence of your target to tell you something that you wanna know?
 
 Lex Fridman: Was that did that come naturally to you?
 
 Jack Barsky: The no no. I
 
 Lex Fridman: hated it. The charisma involved
 
 Jack Barsky: which part did you hear? Doctor to? I think I didn't know that I had it. I it took cute some time to be scott. President, you know, I was I always was I still am to some degree a bit chai.
 
 I lost a lot of the shy after moving to the south because here in the United States because you don't have to be shy, you know, and
 
 Lex Fridman: you can allow let your love
 
 Jack Barsky: That's exactly why. So... But anyway, I I hated doing that, but I I did it well. I still remember, so I... In those days I had a I had a beard And I I I rang the bell and all handsome fella.
 
 Yeah. And and I I looked part. I said, I'm a I'm a sociology student. And I'm I'm doing a survey, and I asked a whole bunch of questions. Can, would you like to answer the questions?
 
 No problem. And then I directed the conversation to the lady's private life and and she actually gave me information he volunteered information that I wanted to know. Beautiful. I did well. And the other one that I didn't like, but I also did well with when when Herman drove me around the city and showed me a building, and he said find out what organization is in there what they do maybe get to know some people, and I did that pretty well also.
 
 You know, you have to be invent, you know, to to come up with a cover story. And and I've always been quite invent. You know, I'm a storyteller at heart. And that I didn't know it then. But, you know, But there was still something unpleasant about it.
 
 Yes.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yes. Which part was well
 
 Jack Barsky: the shy is and then, you know, you know, I wasn't very comfortable lying. I became comfortable down the road, but, you know, I I was brutally honest and and never never hit anything of me, but you know, over time, you lose that that uncomfortable feeling and you rationalize that you gotta do it. It's only one way. Right? And you're serving a good cause.
 
 So you were talking to Herman for a year and a half you and a half.
 
 Lex Fridman: And then how did that progress?
 
 Jack Barsky: Yes. So he said he finally... I guess he sent a report to headquarters in Berlin. And then he sent me on a three week quote unquote practice trip to Berlin. As was the first time when I had a an like a conspiracy cons meeting where I would I had an address in a time.
 
 Mh and a cold phrase and I met another agent. His name was buddies these names meet for meaningless. They all, like cover names. Right? And So what was the code?
 
 And the mean what was then well can
 
 Lex Fridman: you give a little more
 
 Jack Barsky: I don't remember?
 
 Lex Fridman: No but not the code, but, like, what do you mean by code? So I was...
 
 Jack Barsky: I I tell you my the the the code we used when I... When I met to while I was active, I would approach the other person who I thought maybe the the the person I wanna meet, we both had some something to with us or on to make us more likely to be the right person. Mh. So... And I would I would ask him the following questions.
 
 Excuse me I'm looking for susan green. Then he and he would answer yes, you must be David. Mh. Stupid. If if I if I ask a stranger they would look at me how could I help you.
 
 So... Yeah. No it's the wrong guy. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: It's just a low probability that the the right thing would
 
 Jack Barsky: be. So this absolutely. And
 
 Lex Fridman: it seems like a safe statement. Yes. If it's not the right person. Exactly right just come off you said or crazy or
 
 Jack Barsky: whatever. You you would've have put a you would have made a good secret. You you know i know. I'm
 
 Lex Fridman: not. This is we'll discuss this Dressed like one. I actually, yeah. Where there's any dress code. No.
 
 Just fit in Fit in. No matter what. And then be creative.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. Figure out ways of red. So anyways, he gave me some tasks and we... And he... Since I I I had rented a room in a house he gave me western literature to read.
 
 And we spent time together and There was a practice run to West Germany. Actually, there were two And that was very important. In hindsight. I figured that out. So I traveled to West Germany No not West berlin with an East german passport that was stamped that that individual was allowed to go to the west.
 
 And there was a a part of the border that was only guarded by Soviet troops. And that's where they smuggled me into west Germany, I got on the subway and and then appeared in West Berlin, no no nor Americans no births no French knew that that I had entered. Forged documents or not not not. No. No.
 
 This was a an east german passport. It was real. Okay. Okay. So...
 
 And the first trip... All they wanted me to do is to walk around, you know, smell the you know, have a beer or whatever and and eat a sausage and then come back. The second trip, I had a task. Very similar to the one that that I had back in To ring the doorbell belt some someplace and talk to some people. And that worked very well is also.
 
 Lex Fridman: I I should mention that you talk about that, you know, eat sausage drinks and beer. I suppose that's a good test too to see how you behave under Western like, when first introduced to the western called, like, this is why It might not make a good agent is when I first came to the United States and supermarket. Oh, like, bananas, as many bananas I wanna eat. That I think I... That I think that will break me.
 
 It's a just it's a shock to be to have access to Western culture.
 
 Jack Barsky: You're getting very close to the reason they actually made me do this these two practice trips. They When I first emerged on West territory, I felt highly uncomfortable. It was at the enemy. Right? Yes.
 
 And I saw the cops everywhere. And even those... Though those cops had, like, light blue uniforms, nothing. They weren't stand. So I was wondering, you know, if if they knew that, you know, I had like, Kgb.
 
 Yeah on my forest. You a paranoid that they would know that see. I was scared, but I I overcame that. So that... Can we just linger on that because
 
 Lex Fridman: I suppose that's a natural... Like, if I give anybody on the street, the mission to do the mission you had to do is they would be paranoid. That's the natural human feeling is am my being watched, did they know Like, if you try to steal something from a store, you're there's going to be a feeling like are they watching me. The cameras watching the people watching me they all know the that kind of stuff. So you have to over...
 
 Or you have to be somehow and robust to that kind of feeling and all overcome it.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yes. Exactly. So... And and something very interesting happened. While I was being trained berlin, I met a class made of mine from high school.
 
 And he con it to me that he was recruited by the s to become go as spy to West Germany, and he also had this practice trip and he peed in his pants he went back and told him I can't do that.
 
 Lex Fridman: Just from the terror, the the... Yes. Did that paranoia.
 
 Jack Barsky: Now. This guy's career was over. He hadn't a... He had a an he had an engineering degree. He was a pretty smart guy he he was just for the rest of his life, and he's still alive.
 
 I believe floating around and, you know, trading in the model railroads and stuff like you mean, do you think that experience broke? Or They they wouldn't let him back in.
 
 Lex Fridman: Oh, I
 
 Jack Barsky: see. They...
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. This it's a test that if you fail, you pay
 
 Jack Barsky: the No idea that that, you know, something bad would happen if I failed that test, but I didn't. Yeah. I didn't failed. So... And this led then to the offer.
 
 Alright? After you know, bo was happy with me and he told his boss who was most likely the the head of the Kgb and and in in east berlin. And I had an appointment to meet in East Germany. Yes. And he's germany.
 
 Yeah. All of his germany. Yes. Yes. Right.
 
 An appointment to meet with him. And we walk into the room. There was this this huge desk and the little guy sitting behind it. Very very... Just like, little and not uni impressive.
 
 Nice. A lot of para areas like you know, bust of Ja on this desk and some some paintings to lennon in and so forth. But when the guy opened his mouth, he was like, whoa, huge psychological energy. He's spoke only russian. Now and initially, he would, you know, started to bed with five minutes worth of propaganda why we're doing what we're doing.
 
 I didn't need that. I understood. Most of it. But what I when when I didn't understand I'd asked boris to translate. And then then he sprung it on me and I was not prepared he said, so what are you in or not??
 
 I was... No. I'm gonna... I I hadn't made up my mind. I wasn't expecting that would come and...
 
 So I said to him. I'm not really trained. You know, there's a lot of things I need to learn and I came up, it was a couple of really stupid things. One one not so stupid, but the other one was... I don't know why I said that I said, instance I need to learn how to drive a car and to type with the type right.
 
 And he's he he was he got really annoyed and he said, Don't worry about it. We'll trade you. Yeah. But I gotta tell you, we need people who are decisive. So I you got until tomorrow, noon.
 
 To give boris is your decision that made for a sleepless night.
 
 Lex Fridman: So what was going through your mind?
 
 Jack Barsky: Well, I had this was almost fifty fifty. I I I knew I was gonna have a huge career, a good career. I would I was on my way. Because, you know, this... I was already employed by the university as an assistant professor.
 
 So that career would be to
 
 Lex Fridman: become a professor become a ten year professor, be a world class?
 
 Jack Barsky: Yes. Yan had become my hometown. I really love the place. Was my oyster. And and my family was my basketball team.
 
 I will you you you you love playing
 
 Lex Fridman: basketball. What you mean. Yeah. So this is holmes. Is this home this where your love is Did you understand that the choice involved leaving
 
 Jack Barsky: yes home behind? Yes. And and the one thing I didn't have two things I didn't have an emotional relationship with my mother. Mh. And I didn't have a steady girlfriend at the time.
 
 I think Floyd will have a lot to say about that. But... Yeah. Go ahead. But the connection gina know still.
 
 Yeah. I'm sure. By the way, my my my friend the one who worked for the s was also... The stars he tried to recruit him as an agent, but he had a love relationship at the time, and he said politely no. I I won't I can't.
 
 Do you didn't have that's the one thing that really could... What help me? What
 
 Lex Fridman: of how you do this place is love?
 
 Jack Barsky: Though you got the career on the one hand, my basketball team, the town that I would be part of the ruling elite of. And then we had this great adventure and the ability to contribute to the victory, the worldwide victory of communism and and stick it to the Nazis. And, of course, the feeling that you're really special
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. James Bond.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. What's... The
 
 Lex Fridman: the the question, do I wanna be a ten year professor or James Bond? Yes. And and that as funny as that sounds, that was probably a difficult decision.
 
 Jack Barsky: It was a difficult decision, but fundamentally, it wasn't it and it wasn't my z to to help the revolution. It was my my... What they called what they thought he was looking for. Kgb was looking for in a in a character that they would send over a well controlled inclination to adventure her. Okay.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Yeah. James Bond. What do you say and the love woman. Yeah.
 
 Was...
 
 Jack Barsky: Yes. But I I gotta put this in right here because I... I'm telling people I have two things. In common with James Bond. These my initials j b and and I got the girl too.
 
 Three times.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. I mean... That's and that's adventure.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. And and and and and the ability to travel to the west because the west was closed off to us. We could go to foreign countries, but they all had to communist these countries. You know, I wanted to see Paris because I I had fall in love with the owner who wrote phenomenal set of novels that I just ate up. And so I I when I eventually did go to Paris, I knew all the places already because he described them But anyway, so that one, it was a...
 
 It was fifty one forty nine, but eventually, it's and you know, when you when you do the side by side intellectual comparison, that doesn't work. It becomes a tie. And then, you know, you just go with your gut in a today. I'm mean. So now that you successfully passed the test and you were
 
 Lex Fridman: sitting with this uni unprecedented man and had the invite and had to sleep on it. And have made the decision to join. Yeah. What was next?
 
 Jack Barsky: I was just told you, you know that I was being recruited by the state department of Easter is going to become a diplomat. I must have had some paper, but I forgot. Because you... Just by saying so, then that would that wouldn't have worked. There's some kind of document that says that
 
 Lex Fridman: came yeah. Yeah. And that was the only taking what you had to that to that place. No love. No.
 
 That's just basketball.
 
 Jack Barsky: Basketball, giving a basketball was huge for me. I love playing that game. I started playing basketball when when I was eighteen. Mh. That's a little late.
 
 Are you better offensive, defensive? What do you like more?
 
 Lex Fridman: Do you like issue shoot from a distance. You're like.
 
 Jack Barsky: I was a runner. I I was very very quick on my feet. And i was a good jumper too. I typically pay played the the the four position. Know most that forward.
 
 The forward position forward position. But anyway... So that that that was done the hardest for me to give up. But and the the other thing that I remember I had to do to handle in my party document to the party secretary of the University. And he made a comment.
 
 Yeah. We probably won't hear much about you, but we know that you're gonna do something very important. So he sort ahead and had an inkling that I'm I'm gonna go some place on the cover or something like that. And then I packed my bags and got on a train to Berlin for another one of those secret meetings with my my new handler. Nikolai.
 
 So... And he he came another test that that would have been quite easy to fail. So right. I had lived in For six years in a dorm even when I became a an employee of the university. They didn't they didn't have apartments.
 
 I was still living in a dorm one in a single room with a bed chair in the table. And toilet down the down the hallway. So I figured, you know, Berlin Kgb, I'm gonna get a nice apartment. Right? And so the Nikola Nikolai took me into his car, we started talking a little bit.
 
 And then he said, I have a task for you. Your first task is to find yourself a place to live. I mean, I don't think I showed it in my face. But, you know my heart... My my my my heart dropped like, down to into my pants.
 
 I I know this was nearly impossible. Because there was a severe shortage of housing in everywhere in Germany East Germany. And all the apartments and homes were controlled by by the government. You you know, they were long waiting list. And i I know I know couples that were promised maybe to get an apartment five years down the road.
 
 So and then they would postpone the decision to have a child. Anyway, this wasn't possible. Oh well. Yeah but this was a test. I'm gonna know and we get because I had to be invent, now I had to figure out how to get out of an impossible situation.
 
 I didn't realize it then at all. I just went with a flow. You know? What what do I do? So what I did, I went...
 
 I i took the the train city train to the very last stop. A little town called act. And I wandered around in that town and then knocked on doors and asked people if if they knew where somebody might have a place to live. And after a couple hours, somebody said this is lady that she gave they gave me the address And I talked to the lady and she said, I happen to have a place that you might that where you might be able to stay it was an building I don't know what it what it served. It was not a garage.
 
 It was concrete and it had a bed and a chair, and running cold water and a stove cold stove. That was my was going to be very basic.
 
 Lex Fridman: Pretty basic. That's
 
 Jack Barsky: spaces. Are you kidding.
 
 Lex Fridman: That's the...
 
 Jack Barsky: Toilet across the the the the yard, of course.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah.
 
 Jack Barsky: Well
 
 Lex Fridman: all the essentials. What are you complaining
 
 Jack Barsky: about? You're right.
 
 Lex Fridman: You're you have to run the the the James bonnet to run this special operation out of
 
 Jack Barsky: the yes house. To to my credit, and I think that that that established part of my reputation, I didn't complain at all to Nikola nikolai. No. That was part of the test problem. Yeah.
 
 I just told him. You know, I found something. And so for six months, I would get up in the morning get on the train and walk around in the city, you know, did some operational stuff operational training. I went to the library did a lot of reading in the library. And then I found a basketball team that I could join so at least I could take a shower of to twice a week.
 
 And and apparently what took about six months that I was still on probation because after six months, Nikolai one day We were still meeting in his car. He said he he handed me a key. He said, I'm gonna take you to your new apartment. Now... And I didn't know that, you know, that now I was really in.
 
 Okay? Imagine you, the hurdles you have to jump over. And how many times you can fail, But, you know, but not complaining, not asking questions. Yes.
 
 Lex Fridman: I mean, that was something you've written about to give wrote that bosses do not like to hear complaints or problems they prefer solution
 
 Jack Barsky: That's right.
 
 Lex Fridman: What was your interaction like with the bosses? Is that
 
 Jack Barsky: essentially
 
 Lex Fridman: the way went forward as well. I... No complaints getting problem
 
 Jack Barsky: no arguments. No. No. I know this better. I was taking it all in.
 
 Now that the the with the technical guys, you know, they taught me something, I didn't know that makes sense. What Nikola nikolai some of the stuff that he taught me was somewhat questionable. He was a generalist. And there's some things he didn't know really well. So I could've have, like, asked probe a little bit, but I didn't.
 
 So I just played along. So this new apartment was it was a studio it had had a a a kitchen with running cold water. And the bathroom was just one flight down the toilet, not the bathroom. One flight down the the stairs an upgrade. It was a big upgrade.
 
 Yeah. And he gave me... I think it gave me a thousand mark to buy by furniture. Mh. And in that place I actually, I also bought a Tv and started watching Western and television.
 
 So so it it I finally had a decent place to stay. And the the... My training in berlin took about two years.
 
 Lex Fridman: What was the train? What were the interesting aspects to the training. Well what we're sort of... If do an overview systematic of what was the training process what was difficult. Right?
 
 What are some insights that generalized to the training process of what it takes to be a Kgb b spot.
 
 Jack Barsky: Right. So let me start with a trade craft. So I was taught Morse code that took a while. I I was instructed in how to, you know, use a short wave radio and to receive the the short wave transmissions with Morse code. I was taught an a encryption and decryption algorithm manual really.
 
 Yep. You you might be interested that eventually I figured out at least one of the patterns, the the algorithm was such that the... And this was all about digits. Like and the algorithm was such that in the end, the the digits that were used to decipher for other digits that were handed that was sent to me via a short wave radio. There were...
 
 Let's say if there were a hundred digits that were an equal number of one two three, four five, six and seven engines. Up two zero. And I was told that these algorithms, these manual algorithms were good for about three hundred uses after that, they could still be decipher. I'm assuming nowadays that wouldn't take as much. Yeah.
 
 With with computers for sure,
 
 Lex Fridman: But there's probably... They're probably designed a way that you can manually sort of it's efficient and convenient to use them manually.
 
 Jack Barsky: Well,
 
 Lex Fridman: not optimize crypto graphics security to optimize it's like the balance security and, like, humans being able to actually...
 
 Jack Barsky: You know. No. I gotta disagree. It was neither efficient, nor convenient. Okay.
 
 It what took a long time. When what was what was significantly easier to do, but that would require you to have with you. Do this is what's called a one time pad. U. So you have the the set of numbers Yeah.
 
 On on the sheet of paper, that had to be developed. I you had to use Iodine to make those numbers visible. Those are known to be un break. Unless they are used multiple times, the same the same sheet of paper. Mh.
 
 Because, you know, the person who encrypt as the same set of numbers of the cardinal who decrypt And when... One time use you cannot figure out who what the message is.
 
 Lex Fridman: Oh, interesting. But this is a quick way to communicate from one person another
 
 Jack Barsky: one time during time. Well one time we but I had a pad with multiple. Oh right? And the reason that they gave me a manual one is because I literally I had only... When I when I wound up in the United States, I had only one thing with me that only a i can have, and that was a writing pad with the...
 
 The first ten pages or so were imp with the trace of a chemical that was used for secret riding. But you really would have to know what you're looking for to, you know, you see this pad was bought at Walmart. And can you explain a little little further, What what is the chemical here that what are we talking about? So how I I don't understand how it's possible to have a physical pad that does the encryption without any computing. I...
 
 How does it include? So so no. No It doesn't... It doesn't do any work. You know.
 
 So and what do you the communication that the encrypted communication was a set of groups of five five digits and another five, and and there's always a gap in between. Mh. And so let's say, if I get this radio transmission I write them all down, and then I then I use my develop my algorithm, and then I do mathematics, either additional subtraction. The resulting set of digits had... That then had a one to one correlation to.
 
 Got. Letters. And this is an easy way to then do the correlation.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well this cool. That's you saying the algorithm was not efficient. It was not owed a manual that took a long time. And and you can't make an error. Right.
 
 Would you know where... Can you... Easy debug? No. You...
 
 Jack Barsky: No. You do it twice.
 
 Lex Fridman: You do it twice and that's how you
 
 Jack Barsky: check. It's identical then you know
 
 Lex Fridman: well like, if it's...
 
 Jack Barsky: If it's not then and then one is right and the other
 
 Lex Fridman: wrong, he's gotta don't make a mistake
 
 Jack Barsky: No. That's why. And I really didn't. But anyway... So that I was...
 
 I was learning that. I was also told that I was required to become proficient in another language. And they gave me a choice and I picked English. That's what was the other one. Oh, no.
 
 Give him pick one friend. You know, Whatever is spoken in the west. Got it. Well what was what would be second to you? Would would you think French because of Paris?
 
 What
 
 Lex Fridman: would you... What why English?
 
 Jack Barsky: English was no brainer because I I was straight to a student in English without studying. I it came so easily to me. Yeah. So That's why So chose it. Right?
 
 So that was that. Then I... I I was taught the basics of counter surveillance, you know, some trickery and and and surveillance detection routes where you wander around in the city for three hours and determine whether you're being followed or not. That requires you to plan the around very well. I give you one example that illustrate that.
 
 My my favorite spot. When when when I was in Moscow, I did a lot of that also. And my favorite spot was i it wasn't not well traveled road it it went down to hill and and curved. And at the bottom of the hill there was a telephone booth. And when you open the door and and pick up the telephone, you have to look back.
 
 Mh so it wasn't like this. Right? It wasn't a giveaway. This was normal. That was natural.
 
 So, yeah. I could see if somebody would come walking after me. You know, these kinds of things, or you would know, use public transportation, big buildings, where you needed to use an elevator and see who's... Because surveillance, the the object of surveillance is to never lose sight of the individual who you're avail because at that point, you may miss the window the where he does something that... That you're looking for.
 
 So somebody always has to come close. Right? Did you have to also study
 
 Lex Fridman: surveillance? No. Some
 
 Jack Barsky: counter of surveillance. And what helped me and and in all my training, you know, I I would be would have a competition with the folks that were coming that were following me and me. Mh. And I beat them every time. They were at a disadvantage because one of them always had to be closed.
 
 And and if you saw the same phase twice, you know that we were being followed and I had a very, very good memory for for phases. So basically, figure out a fixed route done.
 
 Lex Fridman: Mh. And then a fixed route that allows you to survey the area and then record the faces you've seen inside your mind. And And if you seem multiple times a single face, that's that's the bad sign.
 
 Jack Barsky: And and they they could they could... You use different clothes. Yeah. What they didn't have was face masks. Yeah.
 
 The Cia dies. Nowadays. They they can give you a different face with within seconds. Yeah. So
 
 Lex Fridman: how... I mean, I get you talk about Paranoia.
 
 Jack Barsky: U.
 
 Lex Fridman: Is that part of the... Is that a big part of the job? Counter surveillance, Like, being constant paranoid that you're being watched?
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. I was supposed. Isn't that quite stressful.
 
 Lex Fridman: So is that is that one of the... Is that actually an effective way to operate?
 
 Jack Barsky: Nobody it sort of becomes a routine. I was told to do it while in the Us once a month. And... Oh, okay. Take it cleaning out.
 
 Oh, not not every day. No. no. No. No.
 
 No. Once a month or before I would say mail a letter with sync writing. So I was sure that, you know, nobody saw me put an envelope into Got it. A post box. So this is one of the tools
 
 Lex Fridman: in your toolbox. So it's morse code. There's... Yes. The decryption and encryption.
 
 There's the car surveillance photography?
 
 Jack Barsky: Making making micro dots? You know what a Micro is? Well, that's let's you use you take a photograph and you use a microscope and reverse and make that photograph really small. So small that it's like to the head of a Pin that can be used to hide under a positive stamp. In reality I knew how to make them but in reality then they never asked me to to make use of that technique.
 
 It's so it's a sort of an encryption
 
 Lex Fridman: mechanism for photographs.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. So what we do nowadays an embed code in Pdfs and stuff like that. Right?
 
 Lex Fridman: Yep. Beautiful. Okay. Alright. So that that was a learning a training process both in the physical space of of...
 
 Jack Barsky: Yes. Algorithm. Is there other things... Oh you you bet. Interestingly enough.
 
 I was the first book I was given to Read was the history of this these communist party of the soviet union.
 
 Lex Fridman: Also understand. That's essentially interesting because you said you had to read Western literature yeah that too. How much how much reading So history, how much history of politics geo geopolitics?
 
 Jack Barsky: Not called. But they made me read that document. Other than that, I wasn't supposed to study the soviet union. You know I wasn't supposed and that that was not... And I didn't when they sent me to moscow it wasn't to learn Russia Russian Right.
 
 I was alone English. The second document they gave me was the the constitution of West Germany. And then I got lots of magazines in stuff like that. As I told you, I was also told to watch Western german and television, which I which I embraced with the vengeance because it was better than east trauma. So I would get up in the morning and have a little breakfast and watch the german version of Sesame street.
 
 Lex Fridman: And that that that helps you that helps you get an understanding of the culture You guys if you have to do any kind of interaction yes. It's kind of spying then you have to be in... Be able to effectively
 
 Jack Barsky: Well, you you also have to know like, and and that would been easier, if I they had sent me to west Withdraw, you know, all the soccer teams. You know stuff that everybody knows. Mh. When I came to the Us. I knew very little stuff that everybody knows.
 
 That's why I have to be very cautious and you know, take it in all the time. Anyway, and the the last thing I wanna mention is they I was strongly encouraged to expand my my cultural education. In other words, go visit museums go to the theater, not so much movies, Opera. Read read books from all kinds of authors. That was important to them.
 
 And once a month, I had to write a a report what I did. But the interesting thing there was not a... There was no curriculum. There was no agenda. There were no check marks.
 
 It was all ad hoc. Know, now you do this, and then you do that. And and a lot of this also they relied on my initiative. Mh.
 
 Lex Fridman: Again, I mean, that's part of the evaluation too but are you able to have creative. It's interesting that they're, like, developing a a james bond type of character here, which is what what's the reason for the opera. As you become cultured in a certain kind of way where perhaps that makes you more charming more charismatic in terms of your ability to integrate yourself in different situations.
 
 Jack Barsky: You absolutely i. I I was I was... When I came to the Us after about two years roughly I was culture enough to not make a bad impression at it at a diplomatic or. In Washington Dc c. I ming freely.
 
 Yes. Alright. And and and and so the whole idea was for me to sort of reach into the upper realms of society where the targets would be j than, you know, the work abuse.
 
 Lex Fridman: And how did you end up in Moscow? Why? Yeah. What is that journey?
 
 Jack Barsky: Well, so I I told you and I started studying English. So I started back from scratch, you know, went they paid for a tutor. And I went from, like, English one zero one. And then I went through that in a couple of months, and and then I got another guy with whom we I expanded this. We had conversations rather than working from a textbook And I and I worked like A man I threw myself into the study of of of English like you wouldn't believe and and my inspiration came from Vladimir Lenin.
 
 I had read somewhere in a book that when Lennon was in Exile. He studied German, and he learned one hundred German words every day. New German words. So I started reading newspapers and every word that I didn't know I wrote down on an a index card german English, and I piled him up. And so I really learned one hundred new English words every day.
 
 I know this because I counted them. And I had a system how to do this. So you take your index card and you have five categories. It's a really good way to learn wrote by road. So you got category one, that's the new ones, and you got category five.
 
 So you start with with five. Five you already... Mh. Had right four times. If you have it right again, it go to the archive.
 
 Oh, in like, long term cold archive. Yeah. Yeah. Four... If you get it right, it goes to five.
 
 If you get wrong, it gets relegated to three. Mh. So and so you go through this. And And occasionally, I would throw the archive things back into one. So I really I really acquired phenomenal the vocabulary.
 
 When I was done with my English my vocabulary was significantly higher than the average American because I I I didn't discriminate whatever word I didn't know I learned, which is not necessarily the best way because you know, English has a lot of synonyms. Right? Yeah. And and once and is usually the the preferable one and and I when I first interacted with people, I very often used, the one that wasn't as good. And people have found that that I...
 
 You know, I have an interesting way of
 
 Lex Fridman: talking. They didn't know what that meant. But... Yeah. What...
 
 So it builds a good foundation for languages getting a large vocabulary. Yes. It's really interesting... There's something I do which is called space repetition, which is a programmatic way of doing this kind of system that you've developed yourself. Which is if you successfully remember a thing, it's going to be a longer time before brings it up to you again.
 
 Yeah. Now that's requires a computer to keep track of my information. If you have cars, that's a really interesting pile system. One two three, four five, you upgraded it one two, three, four, five. Maybe I wouldn't go to the archive and go to numb...
 
 To to pile one right away, maybe I would go to, like, I don't know pile five perhaps is probably the right place to put it because because you have to go that up again. But that is a really powerful way to learn definitely language, but also facts Like people
 
 Jack Barsky: don't disconnected fact. Yeah. And and you pretty much... When you're done you, you know what you know. Yeah.
 
 You don't have
 
 Lex Fridman: that again to use it to integrate it into the music of language that's more difficult that's what you talking exactly what. Because i there right. There's a charm... I mean... Maybe it's not good for Spy craft, but there's a charm to this kind of to having an accent and using words incorrectly, but confidently, there's a...
 
 Because language isn't a simple formula. Language is the play of word. So actually using the incorrect s you know, as a you know, if instead of saying I'm cold saying I'm chilled. Yeah. Something.
 
 Like, using off beat words can actually be part of the charm. So it's interesting. If you can learn how to use that correctly, because I I've know bunch of people with the Russian accent, and I feel like they get get away with saying a lot of ridiculous shit because they're able to sort of leverage the charm of the non.
 
 Jack Barsky: By the way, by the way, just one one thing that you talked about using your computer. When I had my first personal computer, I actually wrote a program that does that. Who does that. By the way, when was that? One...
 
 Because you you were a a world
 
 Lex Fridman: class programmer for time. Yeah a very good programmer.
 
 Jack Barsky: When when did the priority was probably nineteen eighty four, nineteen eighty four. When did you fall with programming? When I went to college in the Us? And part of the core curriculum was that you were required to take a course in computer, and it was mostly just, you know, talk, but we also had to learn a language. We had to write some programs in fort tran which was what five at the time.
 
 It was It was a dumb down for tran. Yeah. But listen. So I I see the ability. I see what What you can do with this, I programmed the signed curve and then I divided the the design curve into really, really small rectangles.
 
 And then ran the program and it came up with the right area. Wow, This is great. That's incredible. It's incredible. It's so powerful.
 
 It's
 
 Lex Fridman: a... You're... Creating a little helper. That helps you understand the world to help you analyze the world and so on. We'll we're return to that because it's interesting
 
 Jack Barsky: okay. So
 
 Lex Fridman: you're have to me shipping aspects to to your lap Moscow. So
 
 Jack Barsky: yeah Know. Let me then know. Let me how I was sent to Moscow. Okay. So one day I had a visitor from Moscow, and he came to visit me in my apartment together with Nikolai, and he, you know, we talked and then he said and so how's your English?
 
 I in... I pulled a book from the shelf and says I can read that without the help of a dictionary. Oh, that's interesting. And he said, you know what? I'm we're gonna send you a paper recorder and you just talk, say something, you know, for twenty minutes, whatever you wanna talk about.
 
 They sent this thing. And two weeks later, I was on a plane to Moscow. Because... Yeah. I also spoke English so of the British variety of English with not a strong german accent because I've always had the ability to imitate others and sounds.
 
 That was an innate ability. I would... you know, when when when we were in a lab and as a students, I would very off dual monologue i East german and comedian. You know that just compressions. Yes.
 
 Yes. I'm not good enough to to make a living out of it, but that raised in some interest And so i went they sent me to moscow, that was the first time on a plane by the way. And I had a conversation with two ladies who spoke English one was a Russian professor at Lam of University, she was obviously Kgb that was cover. And the other one was an American born lady.
 
 Lex Fridman: Oh by the way she was an actual professor he's that the
 
 Jack Barsky: cover or is it just a story? No. I she said she was a professor. She may have taught there too and that's an interesting distinction.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. One is like, story
 
 Jack Barsky: you tell people. No.
 
 Lex Fridman: And one is like, you legit are doing the thing, but also yeah. There's a color. Anyway, that's good that's the interesting aspect of how to be a good liar. You might you might as well live the lie.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. Exactly right. So the other one was a middle aged. The the russian was pretty young. The other one was middle aged American and And so we talked for maybe a couple of hours and then they withdrew and I was left alone.
 
 Eventually, my my liaison he came back in and he said, it was closed, but the American thinks you can actually become you you get close enough to become becoming a native speaker of American English. And he said the Russian was very doubtful. So I think we... It it was a tie, literally, we will thinking prevailed So within a couple of weeks, I was moving to Moscow. Mh.
 
 Lex Fridman: And what what was the task in Moscow?
 
 Jack Barsky: And
 
 Lex Fridman: what... How long were you in Moscow? Two years? And what was the task there? Is it training or is it espionage sp?
 
 Jack Barsky: No. It was raining. It was. So it was good... I and the the American born became my tutor.
 
 I met with hud twice a week. I... I also listen to a lot of Bbc short wave of Bbc worldwide. I read more English books
 
 Lex Fridman: So a lot of that was about the language and the culture of English American
 
 Jack Barsky: and and I did phonetic exercises. Nice. Every night, I had a tape that was about a half hour long, and they would say a word and I would repeat the word, say a word repeat the word. And it was it's mostly about the vowels, by the way, most of the accent and particularly let's say coming from German into English, but also russian it's the virus. Are
 
 Lex Fridman: we talking about the So you would have a single word. A word apple and you would just say... Apple. Yes. And
 
 Jack Barsky: American English or British No. American English. And and and I give you one example that almost nobody gets right, the difference between heart and hut. You know yeah. You know they're in hut...
 
 Yeah and then and German speak guys very
 
 Lex Fridman: nice. You know which one or for everyone is different, for example, I could say this at Podcast. Something that my brother struggles was I struggled with two when I first was came to this country learn English. Is there's differences. There's embarrassing differences like beach and bitch.
 
 Right? And you get so as a young kid also you get so nervous of I don't wanna say the wrong thing. I I I can also say that this is almost is a joke thing, but there's a is a famous philosopher manual con. And you can guess which other word is very similar to that. So
 
 Jack Barsky: there's there's a
 
 Lex Fridman: nervous this about... U. Then what is that? That's interesting. I mean, and Germans probably have a different tension of like, what is hard to learn the difference between the pronunciation of the vowels or the control of the vowels.
 
 Yeah. It's interesting. So you had to really master this daily exercise. And, you know, and and this business my discipline,
 
 Jack Barsky: I did this every night routine boring as hell. So English was to focus. And I also had interaction with some agents who had operated in the United States as diplomats on on a diplomatic cover, they would come and talk to me a little bit and tell me... And and sort of prepare me what was ahead of me. And then I did a whole lot of operational training particularly.
 
 So surveillance detection that was big. I also... They also taught me how to drive a car in Moscow. Finally. One skill you need it.
 
 What's the surveillance detection? Okay. So this is what when when you find out whether you're being followed.
 
 Lex Fridman: Got it. Got got it. So it's the
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. The the abbreviation that's used in. And and yes. In intelligence circles is Str sdr so surveillance detection route. You know, when they say that, you know, what that is.
 
 And and that was it. And and a few other things, you know, one offs, for instance, I was once taught to read silhouette of ships when you see a ship from a distance, what kind of a ship might be. They they thought this would come in handy actually that they that was in nineteen eighty two on drop of started a campaign was... Now I forget the name operation something something where everybody who was in the west was supposed to look for science that the west was getting ready for a war. And I hadn't an...
 
 Everybody had an object to to pay attention to I had a a harbor military harbor in in in New Jersey near Red bank this was called earl weapon station. And this code name for that was early. So they asked me to just we'll by the to see if there was something unusual going on. Because the soviet union were at that point it was around reagan and we're really afraid that reagan was gonna start a war. They were absolutely one hundred percent afraid of.
 
 Lex Fridman: Is there something memorable to you on a personal level and a philosophical level about your time in Moscow. Something that kinda stays with you outside of the training stuff, maybe Like the
 
 Jack Barsky: details of the church. You love the answer. You will love the answer. Then I I was pretty guess. I I was given tickets to two performances by Americans.
 
 There was the other troop that played our town. And then there was this... I forgot the name of the guy, but you you may not be old enough. Have you ever watched he maybe. There was a...
 
 It was a country music show real kit, but the star of Hu was giving a concert in Moscow. Okay. And I guarantee you at least half the audience with Kgb.
 
 Lex Fridman: Oh,
 
 Jack Barsky: man. And at the other end, the the the opposite of of of a highlight was my visit to the to to to the Maus where linen. Is is still still today. That there was so... There wasn't nothing.
 
 You know, he was he was my hero, but he he looked like a wax figure. And and and you walked by there there was nothing in inspirational not not that was not a religious experience. Nothing. It was... It was a big old nothing.
 
 Lex Fridman: Is that did did your faith and belief in communism start to crumble at some point
 
 Jack Barsky: here that around... That was still seasonal no. What I did notice that the standard of living in in in Moscow wasn't significantly lower than in Germany. The the in the supermarkets, you could you could expect with reliability that you can find the canned fish and mineral water. Everything else was whatever.
 
 And if you saw line in and at a store, you just line up. You don't even ask what they have because if you don't like it somebody else will. It it was it it was not poverty, but it was close to poverty. There were a lot of drunken and men in the streets. And this is the eighties...
 
 No. This is the late seventies. Ninety seven. Mid to late seventies. And and also the they had these high rise apartment buildings that looked pretty good from the front, but you went into the backyard now.
 
 Out, you know Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: Describe my childhood here. Okay. Sorry. But it's interesting even even with the professor even with everything else It's interesting because I think the standard of living was much lower. You're right, Even in Moscow.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. Absolutely was. The the one thing that they always had at least in my days what in those two years, that was always fresh bread and the bull scenarios.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Always. Yeah. Probably one of the memories I have of childhood. Is...
 
 Well, you're hungry a lot, but when you eat is
 
 Jack Barsky: bread, and the president was good. It was good. I mean, I don't I I actually wonder I wonder how good it was,
 
 Lex Fridman: but I remember it being incredibly.
 
 Jack Barsky: To me, it was really good. And and, you know, you had it from white to very dark and, and all the varieties. The other thing that was good was if you knew where to get it, was four rub.
 
 Lex Fridman: Not only is a good vodka, but it's cheap vodka. I like it.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. But you had to know where you know, this would be like holes in a walls place.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, I think a lot of the way they operate. I I wonder if he's Germany's this way, but a lot of the ways the Moscow operators you kinda you had to know.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yes.
 
 Lex Fridman: Like, there's a very kind of... If you make the right friends, if you give money to the right guy, the guy, the friend of the friend of the friend is gonna hook you up and there's a culture that this is how you work around a very big bureaucracy.
 
 Jack Barsky: Underground economy.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Underground economy. Yeah. Mh. You to...
 
 Jack Barsky: Which is a boy
 
 Lex Fridman: such a stark contrast between between that and the United States, the capital system. Yeah. That was a very big culture shock to me. I don't to understand. Yeah.
 
 The the different way... Different fundamentally different way of life. But the interesting thing is human nature both systems and There's something about the Russian system that reveals human nature more intensely because of the underground nature of it. Because you get those deal with greed and trust and all those kinds of things. In the in the United States, there is much more power to the rule of law.
 
 So there's rules, and people follow those right. They had to break the rules nonstop stop.
 
 Jack Barsky: Well, in in Eastern and Russia, I believe theft, if you could get away with it was part of your economic activity? Yeah. I have a friend you know, who I went to school with up until my fourth year and we reconnected and he told me how he survived. You know, he would do would just that's steal stuff and then sell it in the world traded.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Left I mean, it's a relative concept. Know.
 
 Jack Barsky: You are taking stuff, bribery, all those
 
 Lex Fridman: kinds of things. People, you know, corruption, You know, it's a relative terminal I'm just kidding... I mean, it is. You have to work around the Giant barack bureaucracy about the... Right.
 
 The giant corruption corruption builds on top of core corruption, and then it just becomes this giant system system that's unstable as you talked about. One last word. Yes.
 
 Jack Barsky: The two years in Moscow, taught me how to be alone. I had no social interaction.
 
 Lex Fridman: Not with friends that would women.
 
 Jack Barsky: No. I was... The only interaction I had was with the folks that train me. So I was alone. There was a lonely two years.
 
 For a person who who loves love. Yes. But difficult prepared me for my first year and first and second year in the United States, because I could not interact socially without giving away that something was wrong with me. I had to learn ought be American. They didn't teach me in Moscow.
 
 Lex Fridman: They couldn't. They so the first two years in America had to kinda
 
 Jack Barsky: listen more than... Oh, you've you bet the very first year. I I couldn't even work because I had to acquire the duck in documents a social security card and a driver's license to get a job. And then when I had the job, and I when I worked as a bike messenger. That gave me a good opportunity to listen as as and, you know, because these people did.
 
 They weren't feel very curious about me.
 
 Lex Fridman: What was your name in east Germany? What was your name in Moscow? What was your name in America?
 
 Jack Barsky: Okay. So my the name I was given at birth is Registered a take. Nobody
 
 Lex Fridman: also sexy when he's speaking the german asset.
 
 Jack Barsky: I hate I hated that name they I placed. I didn't like it. It was it was very rarely used My mother name me after famous German painter I like to deal. My cover name and and Moscow was known as. And in the United States, I became Jack Bar And between I do so a bunch of other names that were associated with false passports that I used.
 
 One of the names and I remember is William Dyson because that is the name that
 
 Lex Fridman: was on the Canadian passport I used to enter the United States. So how did you enter the united states? Can we take the journey from Moscow to in United States? It was an assignment? What was the...
 
 What was that leap? What was like, what...
 
 Jack Barsky: Just one one one thing in between, I had a two three months practice trip to to Canada. That was that was a good idea. And I gotta tell you this this one thing that happens there. Okay. So because, you know, the one one thing that that that I like to tell people nowadays is the...
 
 One of the secrets to happiness is the ability to make fun of the worst situations that you're in. Yes. Absolutely. You see the humor? Yes.
 
 Okay? So he has he come something quite humorous in hindsight at least. One of my the tasks that I had in in Canada was to acquire a birth certificate But the name the name was Henry Van Randall, who was born some place in California, and I was supposed to, you know, write a little letter saying I'm Henry Van rand. Please send me a copy of certificate the fee is closed. And and and and I I lived in a small hotel.
 
 So the return address it wasn't visible there was a hotel. That was important. So... And it took like, three weeks, and I get nothing four weeks I get nothing. Eventually, I got annoyed, and I I I I i'm must the courage to call them up from a form a path when I called up the office register, whatever they were called in this...
 
 And in this town in California and I and I yelled at them I says you got my money, where's my birth certificate? Well, couple weeks later, it came. So I see the envelope this is the Henry van Rand. Yes. I had prepared to caretaker take us off the...
 
 Of hotel I hotel to that I'm expecting the letter her for my friend. So I went up to my room. I opened it and I was like, yes. Yes. This is success.
 
 And and then i open this thing was it was a copy of birth certificate, but it was stamped with big letters across in red deceased. Think about it. So here's a dead people who was asking for. That person was asking for us for a certificate I I had the presence of mine to to leave. Okay?
 
 I went to a couple of other cities. I should have left the country. But I know that the royal mounted Police was following me, that I was given that information by the Fbi later on. And they were you were able to... Use oh, you were able to at least suspect that at the time.
 
 I would... Through the the i I do
 
 Lex Fridman: I knew
 
 Jack Barsky: that there was trouble. So I... My counter route. Didn't discover anything. So I kept on going...
 
 I had to supposed to... I was supposed to visit two more cities. And they were always one step behind what what what is interesting to me is that they didn't catch me on the way out. You have to show your a passport to the airline. I mean, it what.
 
 I I I was known by name. I would then the pass because I had to give that to the hotel. Right? And i and I escaped with... So how they hair they would...
 
 Lex Fridman: They they would have to keep you on a list. Right? Yeah. Yeah. That's interesting.
 
 But that requires, like, good computerized
 
 Jack Barsky: updated On This was swiss air. So...
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, you got lucky. Yeah. Part of life is locked
 
 Jack Barsky: You bet. So so And and other than that, the the trip to Canada was a big success because it it gave me the culture shock that that I needed to not be blown out of out of the water and when I get get to the United States. So you hopped
 
 Lex Fridman: a few places in Canada yeah. And then was
 
 Jack Barsky: said even had a... I even had a relationship with a young lady
 
 Lex Fridman: Canadian French Canadian, regular.
 
 Jack Barsky: French Canadian and she she gave me a book we need to poo because we went to see the movie and then she wrote the dedication. She says to the nicest german I've ever met. Was she lying, No. Oh you don't know.
 
 Lex Fridman: Speaking of a spy craft, and that that led to heartbreak too.
 
 Jack Barsky: No. That was sexual. I was not at that point. Ready for love
 
 Lex Fridman: ready to return to at all.
 
 Jack Barsky: I... Well, and I was I was already already married in Germany. Okay. That woman
 
 Lex Fridman: I loved. We should return to this. Yeah. So swiss air. Where did you land in the United States?
 
 Jack Barsky: When I came, where did I land? I... An American Airlines flight from Mexico c city to Toronto, but they made me deep in Chicago. Mh. I have no idea.
 
 I think that was over engineering that didn't make any sense to me. You know, why can't the Canadian just take a take flight from Mexico city? I Don't with this stop over, this kind of nonsense,
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. But... Okay. But nevertheless that was it and then you... Yeah.
 
 Lenin in Chicago. Right. And then tell me the story in America. What was the day to day life? Now this is now you're a spy.
 
 You're.
 
 Jack Barsky: No. No. No. No. I gotta tell you another funny story.
 
 Yes. So is is another there's two things that happened that could have ended my careers right then and there. So I'm So I'm I'm arriving in in chicago in the evening. It's already dark. I I had no idea what kind of hotel to take.
 
 And Pick one out of a out of yellow pages and then got a taxi. When I gave him the address, he looked at me like, a little funny. Whatever. What do I know? You don't know was keep going.
 
 I need to get... I need to get sleep because I was extremely tense, you know, having gone through customs and border control. So... And we are going in the southern direction, and I noticed that the neighborhoods were became less less inviting. Didn't didn't know what that meant either.
 
 I get entered the hotel, it was a five story browns. And something else looked funny. So the reception desk was protected by plexiglass. Mh. Not having enough background, I didn't know that this was unusual because i all I knew that there was a lot of crime in the United States.
 
 So I thought maybe every hotel was like that. So I go up into my room and drink a half a bottle of Johnny Walker red
 
 Lex Fridman: because as I as one does. Yeah. It's...
 
 Jack Barsky: Because I was so damn tense. I just wanted to sleep. I wanted to get into a coma, which I did. And yes. And and next I woke up with a head it was twice as big as felt twice is big.
 
 But you know, I was prepared. I had aspirin with me. So I killed a headache and what went outside to see if I can get something lead. And so I was right smack in in the middle of the south side of Chicago. I didn't know that this outside of Chicago existed I found later i found out where It was.
 
 So it was time to go very quickly. Go up there. And at that point, I decided I I would register at the Next hotel on the Jack. Mh. So I went to the bathroom, and I tried to kill kill off mister Dyson by burning his passport.
 
 Unfortunately, I was not trained in how to train passport. I don't how to destroy passports with. So I tried to burn it. And these things who were flame hardened. And it created a cloud of smoke.
 
 And I'm looking up there and there's a smoke detector.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Oh no.
 
 Jack Barsky: Okay. So presence of mind, I saw this thing in the toilet. And then then took out a pair of scissors I and cut it into small pieces and flush it down. Yeah. If that smoke alarm goes off busted.
 
 Right. If some... If if some some criminal steals I had six thousand dollars on me and cash, steals either my passport or my or my money or both? I don't know what to do. Yeah.
 
 You can't go to authorities you can't do. That weren't there weren't any Russian zoo soviets in Chicago. Do you have any contacts?
 
 Lex Fridman: No. There
 
 Jack Barsky: was no... There was no... There was no plan b for Chicago at all. That's an oversight. Alright shouldn't...
 
 I shouldn't have gone to Chicago they they could have shipped me into San Francisco or Washington Dc because both of them had soviets. My end goal was was to go to to to New York. Fine. You know, I would've have been a really, really dangerous agent when if I had gone back and worked with a Kgb, because I could told them all the things how to do it right. Right So in in that sense, there is some Given the scale of the Kgb, there some incompetence in the some, a lot of.
 
 With regard to preparing me to be an American as it was almost totally incompetent.
 
 Lex Fridman: And that do you think that's representative of the way they operate is there's an incompetence, like, to the logistics to the Yep strategies involved, all
 
 Jack Barsky: that kind of stuff. Yeah. They none. Of these guys had operated as illegal. They they were outside of to American society.
 
 They had interaction with Americans and... But they all lived in... you know, in New York, they lived in the compound in Northern Manhattan where they all live together with their families and and they most of the time they spent interacting with with themselves, but their own people at work. So they
 
 Lex Fridman: they really didn't integrate well.
 
 Jack Barsky: They did not know what it's like to be an American. To have a job to to, you know, live like an American. They didn't know it.
 
 Lex Fridman: It's interesting that Kgb didn't put a high value to that kind of integration. They
 
 Jack Barsky: didn't know what they didn't know. Yeah. And and by the way, this was mutual. You think the Cia had good knowledge of the Russian culture. U.
 
 Same thing. And so there was a lot of lack of understanding because good intelligence could've have possibly avoided some of the high tension that situations that we had when when in the eighties we got close
 
 Lex Fridman: to nuclear war. So good intelligence would be integrating yourself in society. Yeah. That's much...
 
 Jack Barsky: And understanding that Ronald Reagan was not a war but he was talking about the end
 
 Lex Fridman: times because he was a a question. But then that kind of integration could be dangerous because you start to question the propaganda the narratives that on which the Kgb is built.
 
 Jack Barsky: Oh yeah. Built. And and then then what they have all... They always have to had the options of ignoring the intelligence that they're getting right.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah well well, let me ask you this question so to jump around there's a lot of conspiracy theories in this in this current climate. Let me throughout history, but now especially and some of the conspiracy theories put a lot of power in the hands of the intelligence agencies like Cia, F b, Massage Mi six. They're basically... The conspiracy theories go that they control the powerful people in this world and are able to thereby manipulate those powerful people and manipulate the populace in order to deliver different kinds of messages and so on. Given your experience with this kind of tension between confidence and male.
 
 Would you say there's some truth to those conspiracy theories?
 
 Jack Barsky: Not one way I think I think there is there's collusion that collaboration. But I would think that, like, for instance, some folks in the Cia and the Fbi are being used by the ones that are really in power. Powers money power wealth. I know power know the other... It can go both directions.
 
 You can acquire wealth first, which leads to power you can acquire power first. Yeah. These power also knowledge I understand and and and and a position society in the military or intelligence, but I don't think it's a straight one way that all the intelligence agencies control the powerful people in their country. You see what's happening Russia. I mean, Putin dominates his intelligence agencies.
 
 I'd
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, so the question is which way the direction goes be you're saying that there's it's not one way flow of power.
 
 Jack Barsky: I would think so. And and I also believe it exists, but it's not as prevalent as, you know, not every conspiracy theory pans out that most of them don't. They're just damn rumors, but that does mean it don't exist I guarantee within the exist collusion there people getting them together and not necessarily preparing a specific action but more sort of a a plan to go forward. And maintain a position where even can, you know, strengthen the position that they already have. So
 
 Lex Fridman: Kgb bog generalize F b Cia, do you think a Kgb agent would kill someone against international law that were ordered to do so? So we talked about they did.
 
 Jack Barsky: They did. And there's a there's a a famous case of one but I think it's vas bluff who defected he was a killer. He was a train killer, and he had had done assassination in other countries. He was sent to West Germany to kill a defect kgb defect and he decided not to do it. He he talked to the guy, and he said I'm supposed to kill you.
 
 I'm not and then and he eventually wound up in the United States. I have a connection to this fellow because the Kgb b ones asked me to go to California and see if the guy still lives in Works down. And we I found him and we looked at each other. So there was an active Kgb agent looking at a man that he didn't know was the the kgb factor. Looking at each other neither one knew with who the other one was.
 
 I found out later. But he was able to survive Yes. And, you know, that there there have been assassination not not a lot. And you know, that... You,
 
 Lex Fridman: we know of. A good point. This is very difficult. The the the the question is how many lines our intelligence agencies agencies willing to cross to attain to achieve the
 
 Jack Barsky: goal. I i I think none of these agency sees have the ultimate line. I think eventually, the the last line will be crossed if they believe it's necessary. Well, I
 
 Lex Fridman: think you can just a lot of things especially in this model world with nuclear weapons that you can justify that your saving the world actually. Let me ask a few difficult questions. We'll jump back to your time in America, but Vladimir Putin has been accused of ordering the poisoning and assassination of several people including Alexander La, early on, all the way to Alex alexei naval. Do you think these accusations are grounded in truth? And we will return to a couple more questions maybe above Vladimir Putin's early days in the Kgb, which would be interesting.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. There... There's a there's a phrase that I'd like to say in the response is called plausible den. I don't think putin gave a direct command as they do that. It would just maybe muse.
 
 It would be nice if something might to happen. And then somebody picks it up and does it.
 
 Lex Fridman: Is there... Can you still man the case that Putin did not have direct or indirect along. Who who would know who would know, you know, just... The who Well, the the international the reputation perhaps perhaps catalyze by putin himself is that he's the kind of person that would directly or indirectly make those orders. Perhaps the case there is he's somebody to be feared and thereby you
 
 Jack Barsky: yeah We are out there. But the act itself, it the poisoning of Ankle and owen and the the assassination of the Bulgarian Markov. And with a with the umbrella and and they all directly traced back to Russians soviet intelligence. And so that's enough to be feared. Right?
 
 My answer that I gave you is an educated guess.
 
 Lex Fridman: I I can't pretend to know this for sure, but It... It's frustrating to me because there's a lot of people listening to this would say, would even sort of would chuckle at the naive nature of the question. But if you actually keep an open mind, you have to understand what is the way that intelligence agencies function. Is it possible to the head of an intelligence agency not to make direct orders of that kind. Where there's a distributed, you know,
 
 Jack Barsky: the head of the intelligence agency would most likely give the order. Even though it's like compartment. Yeah. But but but not the the head of state. Not maybe not the head of state.
 
 Lex Fridman: Although in the case, this is the case in United States as well, but certainly is the case in Russia There are closed relationships between the head of the F and the Gru and personal relationships not just even.
 
 Jack Barsky: The the head of the F was no in jail.
 
 Lex Fridman: There's interesting details, especially coming out recently around the war in Ukraine. So let me actually ask about the war ukraine. What is your analysis of the war Ukraine from two thousand fourteen to the full on invasion of Ukraine by Russia in twenty twenty two and February twenty twenty two. What there's many questions who could ask, one is what are the sins of the governments involved. What are the sins of Russia, Ukraine, America, China, are those sins comparable?
 
 Core
 
 Jack Barsky: the good guys in the bad guys. I was more than one question though. Let me just give you my the basics about this savvy observers saw this coming. They were very small minority. Because vladimir of putin was pretty open about what he told the world his mission was was the re reestablish of a strong Russia, every establishment of something like the Russian empire to unite all the russian speaking of people in under the one country, and the world ignored him.
 
 I mean, he was open. What was... Was it a at a conference in and in in France, I believe when they wait, where he set this out out in the open. And then what we had in the United States we had wish we thinking. You know, Obama had this reset with the Russia.
 
 You know, we all get friendly. And then when Putin and invaded Crimea, we did nothing. So and it... And it just escalated slowly, but surely, It was pretty clear And then they said was I think two years ago, there was an essay published by Putin whether he wrote or not it doesn't matter, but that was also out in public, where he was again quite clear what he was gonna do. Now how do you do this?
 
 With forest. And the sins committed by the American government was that we ignored it, We weren't engaging with folks thinking, and we didn't stop it with sanctions before the shooting started. To push
 
 Lex Fridman: back. I don't think you're fully describing you are described in the sins of the Russian government and putin. I think you're fully describing the sense of the American government here because not only didn't... You're doing... You're described mis calculation.
 
 So not only did they not pressure correctly with sanctions and so on and and and clearly respond to the actual statements in the essays and the word spoken.
 
 Jack Barsky: I know where you're going, but on
 
 Lex Fridman: yes. But they also, at the same time pressured pressured Russia, and they also, as as putin himself said, sort of there's a wrap and they pushed the right towards the corner. By expanding nato. Mh.
 
 Jack Barsky: And and arming Ukraine
 
 Lex Fridman: and well the the military industrial complex. Mh is a machine that that led us I think a lot of younger people I mean, when I came to this country, this is a country I love I lived through nine eleven. Mh. I lived through the full roller coaster of emotion. K.
 
 I'm a at that time, before that, and after was a proud American, I went to the whole roller coaster of being sold, I would say lie about the reason to invade Iraq and even Afghanistan, and I've got to live through understanding of this military industrial complex that leads to the expansion of Empires of the delusion that we have in the populace in the government that convince us that we the good guys. And somehow. U. With military force, we can instill our values and still happiness the pursuit happiness that all men have created the equal, these ideas in into other lands. And we can do so with drones and we can do so.
 
 Mh. Weapons. And will could do so without significant cost to our own from our own pockets. And so this idea, this machine doesn't just the apply of afghanistan in rock. It doesn't just apply to yemen in Syria.
 
 It doesn't just apply to China also plus Ukraine. It also applies to Russia.
 
 Jack Barsky: Agreed two thoughts if I may. First of all, one does not hear the term industrial complex in the public discourse these days. Eisenhower. Warned about it. I eisenhower was a capitalist list.
 
 It was the president of the United States. So it it exists and it is very powerful. The more weapons you can sell the more you have to replace them or send over, and you have to replace them so yes. The other thing is there's also a messi streak that powers American foreign policy. We want to make the world just like us.
 
 Why don't they get it because they don't want to. It's almost like it's not communism, but it's it's a very similar romantic idea that we can make the world when fashion the world the way we are And and and that's the romantic side and the sort honest side, but it doesn't work. It's... It it failed every time Right, you know, afghanistan as a royal medicine was would never become a functioning democracy. I don't know if if Ukraine can become a functioning democracy.
 
 So...
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, I don't know if American weapons can help Ukraine become a functional democracy. I
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: Absolutely do. But there's a huge amount of interest in seeing the world in black and white. And selling the story of the world black and white that Ukraine is the symbol of democracy in this east Eastern European world, and Russia is the symbol of authoritarian dictatorship. And the story is not so simple as as as many indices show Ukraine and Russia are the number one in the number two most corrupt countries in Europe.
 
 Jack Barsky: They're two peas in a pod one is bigger and and and one is in this case, the. Now, you know, two p's the the is still ultimately responsible. And
 
 Lex Fridman: person that throws the first punch. Now there's a lot of people going to disagree.
 
 Jack Barsky: Where punch came from? Yeah. Sure.
 
 Lex Fridman: But there is there is magnitude.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yes.
 
 Lex Fridman: And and and the struggle by Ukraine for its sovereignty, stretches back to the beginning of the twentieth century. It stretches back even further than that, but there's has been the ukrainian people proud people. And they've been in many cases tortured by those that sit in the Kremlin throughout out twentieth century,
 
 Jack Barsky: the the famine in the in the early thirties. And it's always... It's never
 
 Lex Fridman: the middle class and nobel class that suffer. So is the lower classes, the peasants. But in that time. That... This history stretches back far.
 
 And this is yet another manifestation that and there's a lot of interest to play. China watches closely, Russia, America watches closely and there's an extra caveat here that there's nuclear weapons that play as well.
 
 Jack Barsky: Exactly. And it's what this is the situation is is as dangerous as I have lived through in my entire life, I believe. And... Because it's not necessarily at the highest point of escalation, but it will be in my view a protracted crisis and the longer that crisis less, the more of a chance there is of an accident. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: One rocket. Yep. There's seems to be a strong incentive to prolong. Did you see tactics to prolong this conflict over perhaps many years, which is terrifying to think about. Yeah.
 
 And over that one single rocket can lead to given that there's leaders that might not that might be losing their mind. And Ukraine is not part of Nato. The thing I'm really afraid of is that somebody might think it's a good idea. But for Russia, so Putin might think it's a good idea for Russia to send a message by launching a nuke against your ukraine. Mh.
 
 Because they're not part of Nato. Mh. So surely the west is not going to respond. What is the west going to do? Yeah, if if Russian Nukes ukraine to send a message.
 
 I don't know if anyone knows the answer to that question, but it's
 
 Jack Barsky: a terrifying question. And and I don't know the exact protocol that needs to be followed to to launch a nuclear strike from nato and because we have several countries in nato that have nuclear weapons. So for, let's say, for friends to fire a nuke does the United States have to agree on how... I don't know how that works. I
 
 Lex Fridman: don't know if anyone knows how that works. Yeah. I worry. Now we have different very kind of anecdotal perspectives on these things, but the people have interacted with in the Dod department defense, in the military, there is a compartment. There is a bureaucracy and within that giant bureaucracy, there's incompetence.
 
 We'd like to think there is, like, really well organized for really important things. There's going to be the best of the best in the world that's going to execute and the correct decisions. Both geopolitical, momentarily, all that kind of stuff. And I've seen enough to know. That confidence at any level of government at any level in the military is not guaranteed.
 
 Jack Barsky: Let's go back to the law of hierarchy. The the the government is is the biggest hierarchy there is. And so invariably, politicians find a way to the top. And once you have politics in dictating substance decisions. They're they gonna be weak or wrong.
 
 It's... I don't I don't know how... How this could work any other way to well right now we have some functional idiots in the central United States government.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, let me... Because you did... You said that I think elsewhere said that Putin was not a good Kgb agent That's right. Mediocre one, but is an excellent politician.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yep. And a good organizer. He was known as a really, really good organizer when when know. Y hired him as a a prime minister. He he cleaned up to mess.
 
 To... Because he jot what was it under Y and russia up deteriorated tremendously, and it became sort of an mix of an oli ga and and a criminal enterprise and chaotic.
 
 Lex Fridman: So he had skills that made Him a good executive Absolutely. Now. Let's go back to him as a Kgb agent. He was a Kgb agent. I mean, you know, according to him once the Kgb agent always was a Kgb agent, but sixteen years, let's say something like this.
 
 What do you think about from your experience? Now you're maybe a the same age as him approximately the same age as him. He's a little younger, a little young
 
 Jack Barsky: girl.
 
 Lex Fridman: What do you think about the Kgb experience? He had made him the man he is? What aspect of that from your own experience. Well, how much that does that define you who you are? How you think about the world?
 
 How you analyze the geopolitics of the world, how you analyze human nature.
 
 Jack Barsky: Now I gotta tell you one thing. He's he had a different type of training than I did. Mine was one on one. And he went to school it, so to speak. So classroom from drain.
 
 Right? So... But but fundamentally, he he was not a top agent, then this a very simple to... There's only one one thing you need to know. He he knows German pretty well.
 
 So he went what was he deployed in East Germany? Not in Western germany not in Switzerland not in Austria. That's where they sent the best, Right? One would think, generally, we're
 
 Lex Fridman: learning here. Right. So this is your classification of where they sent the best. You know, there's people classify all kinds of stuff like what is the best university in the world? What is the best football team in the world?
 
 You you start to get a sense. The good guys get sent. The the the best athletes get sent to well we can disagree on this but the football team is... But you have a sense and you're saying that the best agents would have been sent.
 
 Jack Barsky: One would think so now that... This is not a forcing argument, but I also have it from from a word from the horse's mouth. Which course.
 
 Lex Fridman: Only what what kind of horse? What's the previous... The Ole
 
 Jack Barsky: ko? You you know who all a C is. And he's still... He's still alive. He was at one point the head of counter intelligence for the first directorate Espionage.
 
 Alright? And Putin was in the first director and reported to cook C for a while, and Ole told me to my face, that Ole was not an oppressive agent trainee or a
 
 Lex Fridman: with that vladimir putin was that impressive. Not impressive at all. Now he's biased, given this current situation.
 
 Jack Barsky: And... Well, yeah. You know, he he could still make it up because he had this big rock when when he was in parliament and called cold in the war criminal about the war Serbia. Not only couldn't he make it
 
 Lex Fridman: up. I wouldn't trust his analysis. I mean, I I have to... you know, what when people... I've been working very hard even before the words to understand objective analysis of all the parties involved.
 
 You have to really keep an open mind here to see clearly to understand if you are to try to help in some way make a better world in this case, stop this war. Or have all the countries involved flourish, Bring out the best the people, remove the corruption and the greed and the constructive aspects of the governments and let the people flourish for all that, you have to put all the biases aside. All the political bi bitcoin, all the... I don't know. All the biased analysis.
 
 And there's there's a lot of propaganda that says that in fact Putin was a was a good agent. Mh. How else would he rise to the ranks. Right?
 
 Jack Barsky: Because he he was a good politician and he made a lot of good connections and with within the Kgb, i'll allow me to say something you just you just taught me a lesson. Mh. And and and the lesson... I I should have figured out myself because I I keep on telling people that in the intelligence world, you never know the truth one hundred percent. So when you said, oh, I could make that up of course, you could but you get to a point where you're you're forced to make a decision or have an opinion and then you use your best educated guess.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yes.
 
 Jack Barsky: So I'm I'm gonna take the certainty of the statement that I made back. Yes. Because it it's quite possible that you're right. Well, what I've noticed about Vladimir Putin. And this is true about for example, Donald Trump and all those
 
 Lex Fridman: kinds of divisive figures. That some for some reason people's opinion on the details of those people are very sticky. Once you decide this is a bad guy. Yeah. There's a like a black hole and people are not able to think, like, one act at a time.
 
 You don't have to like, that doesn't somehow justify this this somehow doesn't remove all the evil things that are done. But you can analyze clearly each of the actions. And to me, it is interesting to to see how did this man rise to the ranks. Now you're saying that to be a Kgb agent. There's a lot of skills involved.
 
 And perhaps raw technical skill of spy craft is perhaps not related to the skill of raising... Rising through the ranks. Right. And you're saying is with the politician, he was good at. Right
 
 Jack Barsky: lying and influencing that this something that that is significant as a significant talent and ability that an agent must have. That helps you as a politician.
 
 Lex Fridman: Continuing a kind of thread of the role of cage bean defining the the heart soul and mind of Vladimir putin. Let me return to Yuri Bi, who was a Soviet Kgb agent that wrote a four step framework for ideological subversion on a national scale. As practiced by the Soviet union. So the the four steps are demo depolarization, stabilization crisis and normalization a lot of other kind of systematic ways of describing this kind of stuff. So can you speak to some of these ideas about the systematic large scale ideological subversion goals with the Kgb is there truth to that kind of
 
 Jack Barsky: those ideas? Yes. But I I think I already sort of mentioned that I think Be was a fraud and I have I have again give you to elaborate great. Two good arguments. Yes.
 
 Let's put it this way. First of all, we know that the Kgb was involved in active measures, which is, you know, you can call it fake news. Yeah. Seeding fake news into advert in the countries that are your adversaries. And and the russians have been doing this lately by meddling in our election and and focusing on the left and the right fringe and influencing them to become more left and no more right and and for sealing mc truck and has has...
 
 And in one of his books, he has a whole chapter about active measures. Okay. So what he has to say about the department and I forgot what department there was was the one department that was least desirable for Kgb agents. Because these these were desk jobs for people who had to come up with the fake stories in countries where they didn't quite know too much about the country. Now there were some successes like one of the the the two most famous successes that I'm aware of is is that the That the eats virus was con in a Cia lab.
 
 And so a lot of people around the world believe that. And the other one was that to Ga was a secret cross dresser. Cross dresser. That that was... That that is still known by a lot of Americans who have a certain age that this was the truth.
 
 But Mit actually traces it back to a story that was placed in a sort of left wing, but close to mainstream French magazine and it was taken taken up by more, you know, larger newspapers and and well established papers. So so they had some successes, but this kind of a massive well thought out campaign to destabilize the United States. I don't believe that the Kgb was capable of doing that my talking it seems to agree with me. I was trained... I would think you know, I was one of the crown jewels of their agents.
 
 One would think that they used the best that they had to to to help me? How to become an American and they didn't have a clue. So how did they... If you don't know how a country operates, how do you come up with but this this this this kind of a very detailed long term plan that's that's also timed till two years this and one year that and all of that,
 
 Lex Fridman: So we should should actually just clarify. So he has this whole idea that there a fifteen twenty years i needed for demo normalization. Yeah.
 
 Jack Barsky: Where you're
 
 Lex Fridman: you're basically charging a country from a young or people from a young age, manipulate manipulating their mind. You're destabilizing then. That's the second step that takes two to five years. You target the country's foreign relation defense and economy, you create a crisis artificially, and then you normalize it as as if it always was this way. So it's basically saying that the Kgb is capable of at scale over many years.
 
 Manipulate an entire population of people. But and this is kind of There's a lot of people that believe in conspiracy theories that are amenable to this kind of idea. Now my own experience is that there is in fact just a giant amount of incompetence. And then this is something that's actually very difficult to pull off. Because, yes.
 
 It's incredibly incredibly difficult to achieve this kind of population. I think it it it would
 
 Jack Barsky: require...
 
 Lex Fridman: First of all, not much bureaucracy, Not much slowing down. You have to have incredible in modern world digital systems are able to do surveillance manipulation. There has to be a strategy that is carried out in secrecy across a huge number of people effectively that also requires you higher the best people in the world And I think it's difficult to execute on this kind of thing with the... If you could compartment. Because there has to be great collaboration.
 
 There has to be a great what is a unified vision coordination and coordination across multiple groups there has to be, I mean, that is it's very difficult to do. Now nevertheless, especially with technology, this becomes easier and easier. To the
 
 Jack Barsky: bar
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. No who's lower and lower to achieve mass surveillance becomes easier and easier and easier. Mass manipulation through platforms, because we're now digitally connected. You can now do that kind of manipulation. So it becomes more and more realistic that you could do this kind of thing.
 
 But you're saying that no intelligence, first of all, intelligence is hard. And to do it at scale and it do it well. And to do it in a way that it's also not just collect information about the populace, but manipulating the populace is very, very difficult.
 
 Jack Barsky: Right now, let me give you another argument why I think that Be was a fraud. I mean, I already have... I I have trucking on my side and and my personal observation of the incompetence that that I witnessed. I mean, they really really didn't know what they didn't know. So now Be of was Kgb, where was he stationed?
 
 In India. He he was a low level agent in India. And I told you was the one thing that Kg was really good was at was compartment. How does best be off in India find out about this massive plan that should have been super secret. Right?
 
 He made it up. Sorry. Yeah. And and you know why he got away with it because Americans eat that up because it's not our fault. It's snagged that the damn Russians that don't do doing all that that bad stuff.
 
 Speaking of the them Russians doing all of bad stuff. You know about the Internet research agency. Mh. They have been doing quite a bit of damage and I I'm now familiar with the world of enhanced artificial persons. These are the avatars on Facebook and Twitter and, you know, so forth that look like real people.
 
 And and and there now are quite a few of them. And and I have a good friend who operates and in that realm. And, you know, he he uses for instance, facial recognition when he thinks that there's it's a suspicious character say on Linkedin or or on Facebook. And very often, he finds out that that that person exists, but it's not the person. Who it pretends to be.
 
 So basically detecting the artificial... Enhanced artificial yes. But but he he can also make them. You you think you stay in hand. Yeah.
 
 United states doesn't
 
 Lex Fridman: do it. We do it too, but... Well, this is to push back against your back. Right? Yeah.
 
 Best not might be a fraud. U But is it possible especially in the modern agent? There is these kind of large scale systematic. Wouldn't you as a government, more, that's investing billions of dollars into military equipment in a world that's more and more clearly going to be defined by of cyber war versus hot war. Right, when you start to have serious meetings large amounts of hires
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: That are working at how do we manipulate the information flow. Mh. How do we manipulate the minds of the populace How do we sell them a narrative? So even though he might have been making up a story because people eat it up. Could it speak to some deep truth that's actually different than the the truth you came up in as a Kgb agent.
 
 Jack Barsky: Oh, I agree with you a one hundred percent Is much easier when you know, all you need is is is an army of nerds. Who
 
 Lex Fridman: also knows? No offense
 
 Jack Barsky: That's a a term of ind yes love love. I love nerds. I I used to be one my. So...
 
 Lex Fridman: But nerd was nerd so, you know.
 
 Jack Barsky: So what I was gonna say here is all you need is an the army of nerds and what but also experts in the culture of the target country. Okay? And and nowadays, the world is different. There's a whole lot more fluidity. There's a whole lot of more people that like say, Russians for instance study in the United States, Chinese.
 
 An army of Chinese studying in the United States, they they have a a lot more knowledge of how we function than the Kgb did. And his vice versa, not as many Americans in in Russia, but we have some, but the the chinese and the russians haven't an advantage
 
 Lex Fridman: here. Can Ask you a question based on your experience. So I have been talking to a lot of powerful people and some of which have very close connections to in this particular conflict, Ukraine and Russia, but in other places as well. I don't believe I've ever been contacted by or interacted an an intelligent agency. Cia, F b, and i six, so, I don't think I have what.
 
 Let me say, explicitly, I haven't had an official conversation, which is what I assume i would have because i have nothing to hide. Right? So I think there's no reason for people to be secretive, but would I why is that would I know? Am I interesting at all? How how people determine if they're in person of interest or not?
 
 And I guess the question, I mean some of it, I ask in a bit of a humorous way, but also perhaps there's truth in some of the humor what I know if I have ever interacted with the intelligence agency spy.
 
 Jack Barsky: Well, you you don't know that you haven't been contacted, but but certainly not I think you you never had a conversation that related to intelligence in any way shape form. Right?
 
 Lex Fridman: Right. Like, where a person another the person introduced.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. Themselves or, you know, becomes sort of wants to be a friend and then talks about these types of topics. Right
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. But
 
 Jack Barsky: I...
 
 Lex Fridman: There's people because because of whom interacting with, their... I mean, even we're just even with The elon musk, mh. Like, if you think about, you know, unless, there's a lot of people that are that are part of the conversations that happened, how do I know they're all trustworthy? They all present themselves as trustworthy. Now again, I have nothing...
 
 So this is this is for the intelligence Agencies. I nothing to hide. I'm the same person privately. It's publicly, well intention, real no, no controlled, no weird sexual stuff where you can manipulate me.
 
 Jack Barsky: What else? No drug use. No. Drug use
 
 Lex Fridman: no no skeletons in the closet. None of that kind of stuff. But, you know, I don't I don't know... I mean, just even having these conversations, you know, I tend to trust people as a default. Like
 
 Jack Barsky: I mean to.
 
 Lex Fridman: And you start when you think, well especially with some of the people Have been talking with at some of the traveling I'm doing, I'm realizing, there's a... You know, there's hard men in this world. There's military. There's serious suffering and there's war, and there's serious people there are doing serious harm. And so you have to be careful of thinking who to trust was when the person approaches you with a smile and asks you a question.
 
 My my natural inclination is that person is a cool person. I'll answer the question. Mh. Become a friend. But it's becomes difficult when you realize that there's there's things like intelligence agencies with thousands of employees, there's people that are doing major military actions that involve tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of soldiers.
 
 This is serious stuff. And so how do I how do you know how to operate in this world? The folks that you're interacting
 
 Jack Barsky: with have a responsibility not to tell you what they shouldn't tell you. Right? Right. So... And most of them probably won't.
 
 And and I'm guessing occasionally they will say well, I can't go there. Right? Yeah. So so what what what you are aware of is sort of public And what you're doing is you you you're collecting it, and you you editing it to to some extent, you're not... You're not at changing the word with the verb.
 
 Yes. So you you just repeat what they say. So from that angle, you're not... You know, you're not privy to any real secrets what you are have possibly that could be of use, you'd learn to get to know the person. So I'm thinking that's a good possibility if you get the interviews in in the east.
 
 That somebody may actually approach you and ask you what's what's your opinion. I just hope they
 
 Lex Fridman: approached me and introducing themselves properly. I I just... There's a kinda... I mean, would you know? Like, how many Russian spies are there in the United States?
 
 How many American spies are they're in Russia? Do you do you have a sense? Is it no
 
 Jack Barsky: just like what the g u? No Idea. Oh.
 
 Lex Fridman: Is is it possible there like, tens
 
 Jack Barsky: of thousands and we're not or, like, thousands, not not thousands like I used to operate. We too hard to train and we weren't that successful to begin with. But particularly Russians Chinese, you know, both governments know who is going abroad. And again, guarantee there's a lot of amateur immature spies. They they're they're being asked, you know, help us out.
 
 You do something for the model end. And we all source buying. Yeah. Sort of... And I'm not serious.
 
 Raining but yeah. And, yeah, for instance, this this lady I forgot her first first name, Tina, she was a rank amateur. She used social media to communicate with Moscow. So she had no training, but she was reasonably successful. I mean, she...
 
 And and and the difference between, let's say the current Russian intelligence and the Kgb Vladimir my putin and his his hen are okay with people being caught. Because... And every time I I go and talk and give it talk some someplace. I I'm always asked the question i'm i. I mean, How many, russian spice do you think we have here because that it's scares of people.
 
 Right? And putin and likes to scare people. The Kgb was very solicit of of their agents. They were they they didn't want any anyone of them caught. Alright?
 
 So that's that's a big difference. And, you know,
 
 Lex Fridman: so getting caught. So for the f b getting caught, sends a strong signal to the world that there's...
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. People anymore. And they'll probably are, but and because also the world again, there's a whole lot more travel going on a whole lot more interaction, studying a abroad doing business. And you know, this that will be attempted to espionage probably one every minute in this country. That doesn't mean they would be successful no.
 
 But there is a a cottage industry now that is doing quite well that teaches companies how to you know, fortify themselves against, like industrial espionage or also foreign actors spying. It's all over the place. Yeah. As it becomes easier easier with digital Yes.
 
 Lex Fridman: Cyber. Yeah. It becomes as serious. And very serious that.
 
 Jack Barsky: We might wind up in a world where Nobody knows anymore what's up what's down.
 
 Lex Fridman: If I were to have a conversation with Vladimir or Putin, and or vol z lens. Is there something you would ask about the time and the Kgb. The time in is passed. We are all of us, men and women are creations of the experiences we have throughout our life. Early on in life and through the formative experiences, successes and failures.
 
 So...
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. You you just set the keywords, you know, I would ask you know without giving away anything, you know, just being high level. Your biggest success in your biggest failure?
 
 Lex Fridman: As a politician or
 
 Jack Barsky: or case you wanna... Do we talking in the realm of Kgb, when the wall came down and he was in a in an office Kgb b office in the city dresden and East were stars offices, and they also got by the Kgb office and they they were... That what was pretty threatening. It looked like they weren't actually storm the office and get, you know, the documents and stuff like that. And Initially, the the first demonstration was was told that if if they come any close weapons would be used.
 
 So they disappeared and then they came back and and I don't know some somebody in that office called Berlin and said, what are we gonna do? Can are we allowed to use force? And the answer came back to go itself said absolutely not. And so this is where putin all of a sudden, you know, he was at one point a member of the greatest the most powerful intelligence organization in the world and all of a sudden he was powerless and he had to watch. How, you
 
 Lex Fridman: know, this this was a defeat, big one yeah. And and it's it's a supposedly a powerful intelligence agency coloring.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: Sort of crawling back into a position of weakness.
 
 Jack Barsky: And he probably promised himself never again russia needs to be created again.
 
 Lex Fridman: The Kgb f b, Russia, the Russian Empire, needs to rise again. And that there's a feeling for him that that's as he talks about, they'll collapse of the soviet union being a great tragedy. But there's a feeling like that was... That was like never
 
 Jack Barsky: again. Yeah. And and and I I I believe that he has a he has a strong conviction that I don't know if he's religious he who carries across now, but I don't know that what that means. But somehow, but that it's the destiny of the Russian nation to be great. And that that is sort of that's whether there's it's it's determined by god or some higher powered that that is very important for him.
 
 Of course, that nationalist idea is one that American share as well
 
 Lex Fridman: and you know, it could help nation flourish. So by itself is not necessarily a bad thing. Oh, it's how manifest itself as good question.
 
 Jack Barsky: Well one other thing if if I were to get a chat with the the Ukrainian president I would ask him how many lives What what what... What what is the equation between giving up some land and how many lives are worth this land.
 
 Lex Fridman: And that's a it's a good way to face the question. Of course, that question gets you killed in Ukraine. But because there's another part of that equation, which is it's not just land versus lives. It's the sovereignty. Yeah.
 
 The the knowledge that you're free and yourself determined. And, like, It's not about, like, fighting for the particular land. It's saying we are messed up, corrupt we have problems, it's a messy world, but it's our world. I think Stephen Crane has a a poem about, like, a man eating his own heart, and he was asked how does it taste said it's bitter, but I like it because it is bitter and because it is my heart. And then there's a sense.
 
 Of like, I want... This is not just about land. This is our nation. The same love of nation that Putin has for Russia, the greater Russia this vision of this great empire. I believe y Ukraine does as well.
 
 They're not every day know, there's levels to this game and Ukrainian people are some of the proudest people throughout the history of the twentieth century throughout the history of Earth. The polish people probably but you could just see in World war two. The people who said fuck you. You're not having this. We will die to the last man.
 
 There... There's different cultures that kind of really hold their ground. And you have any people or that.
 
 Jack Barsky: You know, I I have to admit in that respect. I'm a I'm a bit of a coward. I I could not do what till been doing. I... I would sort of try try to find a way to carve out something that I I can live with However, if if that forest that Evil Force goes gets to my family, Right.
 
 Lex Fridman: There lying... Yes. That's That's right. You you become the world's brave man as somebody
 
 Jack Barsky: crossed that line. Oh, yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: You mentioned something about you've not been to Moscow back and then you it might not be safe for you to travel there. Yes. Can you speak to the nature that, you know, as somebody somebody that successfully got out of the Kgb. How are you still alive?
 
 Jack Barsky: A number of reasons, first of all, when my story became public, it was six years ago, that was pretty old. Right? And so the folks that may have a personal interest or may have had a personal interest in doing me harm. Most of them don't live anymore. Alright.
 
 That's number one. Number two, I I did not I I wasn't A hired hand a German. I did not betray the mother land, that's a crime that is punished by death. You be betray the model end. That's...
 
 And and And the other thing is, if there is a... You know that these kinds of operations to assassination on in another country are very difficult to plan and and implement. And if there's a list of people that they don't like I may not be at the very top. Having said that, you know, if I wind up say in Moscow or even in countries like Turkey where a lot a lot of. You know, accidents can easily be arranged and that's just sending another message, you know, it's like, you know, we we we can do a lot of things powerful.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yes. Do you think it's safe for me to travel in Russia and ukraine?
 
 Jack Barsky: I think you you know very well how to communicate in both countries. You know, you've shown this in this interaction that you have a lot of empathy for the people you'll be talking with. And empathy means good understanding where they're coming from and then there are lines that you can cross. Yeah. Like, the question that I was gonna ask Z not gonna ask good for you.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. It's isn't that the funny you thing about this world? There's lines. Does not everywhere, even in love, even in personal relationships, these lines should not cross. Yeah.
 
 How did you finally get caught?
 
 Jack Barsky: I resigned in nineteen eighty eight. So...
 
 Lex Fridman: Let's actually talk about that. There Okay. Yeah. Resigned. There's this warning signs.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. Know
 
 Lex Fridman: that yet another choice. You had another cross. Yes. Okay. What was the calculation?
 
 What was the choice to be made?
 
 Jack Barsky: To give a little background it was it was nineteen eighty eight. And i I was... I thought they would... My my my time in the Us would soon end because, you know, I thought ten to twelve years, it it was already past ten years. There was no indication that they that they indicated, you know, that they said, know you're done.
 
 But in December of nineteen eighty eight, I got this one one thing that I never wanted to see. So we had a a system of signals. That either one of those diplomat agents could set at this pod that I passed by every day or I could set where they would pass by like, on their way from where they live to the United Nations for instance, who would just drive So in in mine was my my the signal spot for me was on on a support beam for the elevated a train and in queens. And it was morning in December that I walked by then and routinely need look at it and no Never expected anything. And there was this red diet.
 
 It was about the size of my fist with a you know, red paint. And and i since you have done it already. I can I think I can concur in this moment because the only way I can really indicate how I felt i is oh shit because that was the danger signal. Yeah. There was like, you must...
 
 You are in severe danger of... And you you need to get out of the country as soon as possible. There was a a protocol that I was supposed to follow. I wasn't even supposed to go home. I just needed to was supposed to get my my reserved documents that I had hidden in a park in the bronx and may make a bee line to to to the Canadian border.
 
 I went ready. So I just, like, ignored this thing. I mean, I did I couldn't ignore it, but I went on to work. Got on the a train went to work. And then went to my Cubicle instead at the computer screen all day because I couldn't think I could think only about what to do what to do what to do.
 
 The reason for this in indecisive miss was that I was a father at the time I was heard my my little girl by the name of chelsea was eighteen months old, and I was there when he was born. I took her to toward the home. Watched her roll up. I watched to take the first steps and always look at me with these big eyes lovingly look at me and that is when I started my re reentry into the human race because I just fell in love with this girl. That's when love came back and it was completely unexpected.
 
 And there's a lot of fathers who understand the new particularly fathers of girls who who understand what happened to. And I still thought I need to go back because you know, there was... There was probably some danger. But I hadn't figured out how to take care of the girl. You know, I leave her, but, you know, maybe she she need to...
 
 She need to have a good life and grow up and and have a chance and her mother had a she was from South America. She had a fourth grade education. That would have not worked very well. So I play for time. I...
 
 Obviously, I could be sick I couldn't... you know, I could be in a hospital. There was a precedent where Was sick where it couldn't communicate for about three weeks. So I just did nothing. That was on a Monday on a Thursday was my regular short wave transmission.
 
 I listened and they explained a little in in in a few sentences. We have reason to believe that the Fbi is on your case. You need to execute the emergency procedure, come home right away. I still had some time because the radio could be broken or the and transmission was better or it still could be an hospital. Right?
 
 So I gave myself some more time. And then something happened where they forced my hand. And the only time that the soviet engine was anywhere near me on the territory of the United States. So I'm waiting for the eighth train on a one dark morning still and in Queens and there's this man short man in a black trench coat comes up to me from my right. And he whispers into my ears, you gotta come back.
 
 Or else your dead. I can't imitate the Russian accent that was a Russian accent. So now... And it was a pretty strong accent. The your dead phrase can have two meanings.
 
 And an American would have said or else you bust it? Or or else you get arrested you or else your dead is very strong. So now you have to have to take it seriously to some degree because I know that they didn't they had a history of fascinating or at least trying to assassinate to factor. So that that obviously raised the stakes a little bit. But I I I just talked myself into believing this was just an a bad phrasing.
 
 Mh. And... But at this point, I knew and they knew that we both knew. Right? So there was no more guessing.
 
 He he found me he talked to me. I know. So now I had to act. So in in the next radio, I was asked for to executed that drop operation with they would give me money and passport. And that was in a park in on Staten Island.
 
 It was a location that I found and I described. And now I was always praise for my my ability to describe spots that are easy to find. Mh. So that what that was given. So And the only thing that was different in this for this operation, they, they schedule it for the dark.
 
 Alright. So... But it was still no problem because it was in a park and a a couple of Nevada a hundred yards in by next to a fallen tree that would be hard to miss. So I go to Staten Island, I read the signal that said I I put the container in the drop that that was the protocol there's a a signal that the person who who who hands over it with something put puts at a spot not too far from the spot itself. That means I would go in and just pick it up.
 
 The reason I actually went to pick up this container because there was money in it. So I didn't have to make it a decision yet. Okay? I could throw away the passport. I...
 
 It was like I was still trying to figure out what to do what to do what to do. So I get to the spot. I get to the tree, and I I had had a flashlight with me. The the park there was nowhere way in the park. It was even during the day though this park was not...
 
 It was more almost like a little forest. And I don't see the container. Or wasn't supposed to be a cross oil can, pretty sizable. Not hard to miss. And I'll do a double take and I look again and I look around And look around a little more, see if they misplaced it.
 
 It can't find it. That's the only one that one of those operations failed. And that just doesn't make a lot of sense. So when as I'm walking away from this, like, sort of numb emotionally, I said to myself, I'm staying. Yeah.
 
 That decision kinda signal some kind of... Muse just spoke to you. That decision was made for me. Now you know that I'm a christian now, and I think that was, like, god told me this. Mh.
 
 You know. But it was certain there. It was right there. It was... Was it?
 
 That was it. That was it. And so what I did to... Well, first of all, I... The divine intervention helped me to find a find a good explanation.
 
 I sent him my last letter in with Sec writing. I I communicated to them, I said, I I I wish I could come I can because I have contracted Hiv aids. That was the best lie ever because he nobody wanted to have eight in their country. Those days was dead sentence. Right?
 
 Yes. And I knew have we had conversations when I was back in Moscow, how they were sn about what's going on in the United States, you know, that culture and you see well no that they're killing each other. And the the culture took you took over your being and Yeah. All you're know. And and and I was...
 
 And and I was convincing enough. I even traced it back to a girlfriend I had ones that I had actually reported on that she, you know, I I interacted with his lady, who had a boyfriend at one point who was a drug addict, and he was infected and she infected me. So they believe that they sent... And I I asked him to give my my dollar savings to my German and family, they gave them some, but they they they told they told my family that I already passed away that I'm dead. They believed it.
 
 A hundred percent. And I guess the agent who took the money took half of for himself. So that was it. And the the next three months, I made sure that I wasn't reliably at the same spot and the same time frame. So I went to work in different paths at different times.
 
 Just to, you know, you know, just to see safety measure, so to speak and not not not huge. But, you know, I just it it kept me kept my allowed me to keep my sanity. And and obviously, after I sent the letter, i I through the short wave radio and the Hudson River, destroyed the one time pads that I still had. So I was now ready to for renew life for a new life and live out my life as an American undiscovered, but, you know, starting to work on my version of the American dream. Yes.
 
 And the first action was was it was telling my wife, the model this child. You know, she always had wanted to have a house and say, you know what? We should buy house. And a year later we moved into the suburbs. And then I said we should have another child and we had another child.
 
 So... And I had a career where I did pretty well. I moved a couple of times. We wound up in a Mc mansion. But before that, My second house was actually in Pennsylvania Rural, Pennsylvania, and this is where I was discovered by the Fbi.
 
 And how did they know about me? I... If if it if it hadn't been for this defect, was and who was in And the Kgb b archives. He was actually pretty high level. He was in charge of the relocation of the archive.
 
 From. And he really hated you had reason to believe he hated the the soviet system. I I think I remember that his son was quite ill and he could've have gotten treatment in England, and he was not allowed to to travel to England with his son. So he... His hatred, he he he tried to figure out what to do and know how to do damage to that system.
 
 So he started copying notes. Little little slips of paper. Handwritten and that he smuggled out and is on the underwear in socks over the years, and then he transcribe transcribed them with the type fighter and then put the the the pieces of paper. And into some kind of a container and and and and bear this in a start. It was, I believe a ninth ninety two when he showed up.
 
 That was already the the soviet union was gone. So he showed up at the Us embassy in Moscow and told him what he had and it was on a weekend and apparently, there was a junior person in charge and you said, you know what what you got, We are not interested in it's really hold. That's a courier limiting move, right? Because the Truck and then made its way to one of the Baltic republics and contacted mi six. And they said come on in old fellow.
 
 Have a cup of tea. And so they they managed to get this stuff out of the dodge and get it to England. And eventually, the... I am i six shared with the Fbi and there wasn't a whole lot of information about me was very, very little. It was like there's an a a person by the name of Jack Bar who is an illegal operating in the northeast of the United States.
 
 Now if it was to miller, they wouldn't have found me Jack was easy to find. So they they checked Social security and Zach Barr was had gotten his social security card at the age of thirty three bingo. Okay. The... All they know though was that I wasn't illegal that I was still living there.
 
 They didn't know whether i was active inactive. They... And the other thing that they knew I was a really, really well trained agent. Because I was still there. Right?
 
 So they took, I think almost three years to investigate me watch me from a distance because, you know, if I was still active, I would would have found out that somebody's investigating here. So you started being less less active in terms of... Oh, I stopped completely. What I mean is... Oh, oh so surveillance
 
 Lex Fridman: text. Yes. The tax
 
 Jack Barsky: after three months, I I stopped altogether again.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Good point. And Fbi is still very careful.
 
 Jack Barsky: They were very careful. They they pretty much watched me and and and at one point, I had a house in the country with one neighbor at one point that house was for sale so the Fbi bought it and they put a couple of agents down and just didn't keep a closer eye on me. There was no indication that I was still active, but they were still cautious. And but at one point, they they were able to plan to bug in my kitchen a listening device. And I My wife and I didn't get along very well.
 
 you know, there was a lot of friction and she was constantly complaining about things. And, you know, I got sick and tired of it. And one day we had an argument in the kitchen. And I I chose to deploy the nuclear option. And that is that is telling her, what I sacrificed to be with her to hunt so she would understand that I am there on her side.
 
 Yeah. I'm supporting her if something doesn't quite fit. It is not because I don't love the both of them. Yeah. Felt and and Penelope.
 
 So i when I said that, the listening device was active. So the Fbi was hearing my confession. I was once a Kgb agent, blah blah blah blah blah and and I quit because then because of an end state state here because of you and Chelsea. And That also made it clear to the Fbi that I wasn't active anymore. They had both it.
 
 So now they knew an attempt to turn me would have been useless because, you know, because, you know, you turned somebody who's active. But they figured they had there was enough reason to treat me nicely because they figured I had a lot of information that was as as age as it was, but it was still important for the Fbi to get to know And so one day, there was a a Friday evening, I I... Driving back home from the office, and I'm being stopped by a a state state state police. As I'm going through the told hung bridge over the hudson and they had to pay a toll. And he waved me, he he got me right where stopped.
 
 And he said, could you please move over here with the routine traffic stop and thought nothing of it. I I had forgotten at that point that I once was this bike, you know, looks like this was gone. And and then you said, could you steep please step out of the car that should have allows my suspicion that's unusual, right? To routine traffic stop. Yeah.
 
 I did it. No problem. And then again, somebody came from the right, came on into my view, and he flipped this Id, and it said Fbi, we would like to have a talk with you. Now this is my Friend joe Reilly, who who actually is the... He's the godfather of my of Trinity my last trial.
 
 But anyway, he told me later that when when I heard that phrase, all the blood left my face so became totally white. But I would recovered very quickly and he said it himself. So, you know, he they took me to a vehicle And there was another agent in the vehicle and he had a gun strapped to his angle. So that was pretty real. First question I had, so am I under arrest, and the answer was, no.
 
 And then my instinct kicked in in my ability to to operate and very well under high pressure situations, and I asked him so what took you so long? You know, the intent of that was to to d diffuse any kind of tension? Yes. And I saw a smile. Instant friends Yeah.
 
 Well I I knew. I knew that I had to make them like me. And I'm... I think by now, I know I'm a pretty pretty likable person. So I say so.
 
 So So... And I... When when they took me to a motel, which they had rented it there wasn't there two two wings at a right angle, they they had... One... They bought all the rooms in one wing and they had a guard each end of that wing and they took me in the middle.
 
 And there were some props there, some binder with labels And I I immediately thought this is pretty silly because what what I know... What I noticed that the the label all referred back to my early years. I knew that they didn't know much else. Mh. So now i told joe that afterwards, and I I was not great idea.
 
 But anyway, but I volunteered I made the following statement before we even started to the interview I said, I know there's only one way for me to add my family to have a chance to get through here without much damages if I'm I'm completely one hundred percent cooperative and is my intent to do exactly that Alright. So we've spent about two hours in the end of interview. They allowed me to call my wife, tell her that I'm gonna be late. That indicated to me already that they would let me go. And after two hours they let me go.
 
 But they had the area covered with a whole bunch of people and the head of that that team talked to me and it says, if you think of running we got every intersection in this area covered. You can't. I didn't say anything, but, you know, I had no no thought of running. So and that was the beginning of another phase of my life where it was core operating with the Fbi for quite a while and living still on the undercover for several years until I had real good documentation. And became an American citizen seven years ago.
 
 Today seven years ago. So recently. Yeah. Quite recent the bureaucracy took a long time to figure out to how to make me real and and also not put me in in in these witness protection program, you know, to keep my name and then just you don't make everything like, official. So for instance, I had to change my birth year.
 
 Simply because if I... Jack Basket was born in nineteen forty four if I kept nineteen forty four, the Fbi would have helped me commit a crime because I would have collected social security of four years sooner. So and anyway, tales of that... Yes. So it it it took quite a while and when when I finally got the call from the office of homeland security.
 
 Since the lady says this is agent so and so from homeland security. Can you comment to the office tomorrow? And I said... Let me look at my calendar and then... Wait a minute.
 
 What what am I talking about? What time you want you to be there? Because I had waited for that moment for a long time, and I was sworn right then and there. It was a good feeling to walk out of there because I I had a country again. You know.
 
 And I love this country just as much as you said, you love it with all its words and it's problems that we're going through right now. And then the last thing that changed my life again and I don't wanna get into details, because it's a little complicated story. I never wanted to be a public person. And then I was discovered through a number of dots that were unlikely to be connected had to do with a relative with with a half brother off of my wife who lives in Germany was taken to to Germany by his mother. Who came to visit somebody not us, but that somebody that he came to visit, lived fifty miles from her house.
 
 And that my my wife and and this have brother never never met in person before. They knew about each other of two social media. And when he found out my background, he he was a conductor of the determined railroad at the time. He said, oh, this is a big story and when that's gonna be big. Big big.
 
 Yeah. Okay. Well, he happened to know this one person who happened happen to know one of the star reporters of Des eagle. Mh. And after she did some research and determined that I was real.
 
 She was on my case. And she happened to know Steve Croft guy got from sixty minutes. To see all these connections. I have nothing to do with it. How life works.
 
 Does get somehow. Sometimes. Again most of us that does stuff happens stuff lucky. You you don't know a
 
 Lex Fridman: few times in your life.
 
 Jack Barsky: But, yeah, I think I'm must be part I ever true. Yeah. So it's been it's been an interesting ride. I'm just still shaking my head about all the stuff that happened.
 
 Lex Fridman: Been a fun one. What you wrote because I'm allowed to leave behind a documented legacy of my unusual life. You know. I'm praying that the legacy will be described by a single word love. So let us return to the thing we started the
 
 Jack Barsky: conversation with, which is love. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: What role does love play in this human condition in your life
 
 Jack Barsky: and you in our life here together. I I give you the and an answer like, tell you what happened one day. I I gave a presentation at Microsoft headquarters. It's a strange beginning. Story but.
 
 Yes. No. That's not a love story. Then so there's this there's this young this beautiful young lady sitting in the back. And he's he's paying a lot of attention found out later that her her job at Microsoft to job job title storyteller.
 
 That is soft marketing. Right?
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. But because. Yeah.
 
 Jack Barsky: But but that's if you can't afford somebody like that, is that's good. Anyway, he question and answer if she raise our hand and to asked me so all the things that you have done and you experienced? What's the the number one lesson you taken in the way from from your life. There was a new question for me. Never never been asked a question.
 
 And I I thought about about it for twenty seconds, and then i came up with this this phrase that we all know love conquer all because in my life it did in the end. And and it's It's the strongest human emotion and that is what makes us human really. You know, spoke about the... I mean, offline as I
 
 Lex Fridman: spoken with to you. It's it's clear to me how transforming how powerful the life of your children are your your daughter, in your life and who you are and and why you think life is beautiful and why you think this country is beautiful. Now that that I'm pretty mature
 
 Jack Barsky: to put in mildly... I'm also more loving towards many more people. You know, these things like random acts of kindness for strangers I do him. I'm looking for them now. And you know what?
 
 It's good for me. Well, welcome to
 
 Lex Fridman: Texas because this random kind acts kind stranger seems to be a way of life, which is one of the reasons I love it here. It just reminds me why I love human beings which is that they... There's just this warm
 
 Jack Barsky: consumption. Yeah. And and and Georgia is the same thing. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: Amen. Do you have any of regrets? Do you...
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah, looking back a life you wish you've done something different. Well, I I I could've have but I... Then I would have had it and would have a different regret. I bet betrayed the wife, the German wife that I loved. I really did love her.
 
 And I be betrayed her. But if I don't be betray hard then I I betray the child.
 
 Lex Fridman: That is a source of so much love for you now. So maybe life is a kinda you get to choose your regrets. You yeah. It's a
 
 Jack Barsky: it's it's a little bit of versed strange way of putting it. But i... There's no other choice. And I tell you what what I don't regret and and that's that may be you probably understand it now because you have enough background about me. I don't regret having lied to my mother.
 
 Because I had no really strong emotional relationship with her. She took care of me. He was proud of me, but we didn't hug. We didn't... We didn't interact emotionally whatsoever.
 
 Lex Fridman: So you don't feel like you betray that. I love that that
 
 Jack Barsky: Well, I I did. I know that I know that she she was looking for me until did... The day she died she she wrote a letter to president Go asking him for help to locate me. She... She...
 
 Check with the s. She just was, like, held bent on finding me and couldn't find me. So if you pass away without knowing what happened to me. Now there was this this room that was flying around and she possibly may have bought into that rumor because my cover for when I went to the United States was that I changed careers again and I joined a an institution in Kazakhstan it did space research. In the cosmos something something and I had I had an piece of paper that one that invited me to start there and was still...
 
 It was a forge. That intercourse must never existed. But but people know that in kazakhstan they were super secret facilities. So... And some one of my classmates old classmates from high school started the rumor that I i died in a rocket accident.
 
 And everybody knew that. So when I came back to Germany, went back to Germany I found the telephone number of this girl that had dumped me.
 
 Lex Fridman: I called her.
 
 Jack Barsky: And Said, I said I so guess who this is when... You maybe you hold on to your chair. She says, yes, i said. This is.
 
 Lex Fridman: A good payback.
 
 Jack Barsky: No. We actually met. So there's two elderly people in their sixties who meet each other after so many years. And the one that ended the relationship started the conversation by saying, you know what I made a really bad mistake. And and the tears came down, how cheeks.
 
 I wouldn't asking for that. I wouldn't I wasn't happy about it, but it did feel good. Now now a while later, I knew why she said she made a mistake. I met her husband.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. I mean, there's there's there's a a town voice is a song called Martha. Where he may... Or an older gentleman calls somebody he's to love and they have a conversation. They're both married now.
 
 And it's Sometimes you can meet people from your past and gives you a glimpse of a possible different life you could had.
 
 Jack Barsky: Oil. And you know, I was I when she said I made a mistake, and I was thinking to myself. No. You didn't. There was none.
 
 There was nothing left. Was nothing left. And also the person that he became personality wise wasn't as a track of as as I remembered Her. You know it's puppy love. You know,
 
 Lex Fridman: I still love.
 
 Jack Barsky: Yeah. Was it was passionate love for sure. And I I would have... I would've have thrown myself another bus if I could save her. It was that strong.
 
 And it's just as strong as a love for my two girls. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: Life is full of moments and periods like that of love and that that's what makes life of So freaking awesome. But it does come to an end.
 
 Jack Barsky: And so does this conversation, I guess?
 
 Lex Fridman: No. This goes on for me more hours. But yes can you think about your own death? U Do you think about death? Do you think about your own dev?
 
 Yes. Are you afraid of it?
 
 Jack Barsky: Yes. Even though I'm a christian.
 
 Lex Fridman: As a question, do you have a sense was coming after.
 
 Jack Barsky: Is a full one. I have a hope. I have a hope, you know, There there's a lot of there's a lot of christianity, which is quite logical. A lot of Christianity which is also you know, the life of Christ has a lot of a lot of proof. But, you know, And I became a Christian starting with a head.
 
 And and and I was already quite old and I you know, when you don't... When you don't get this faith very early, it it's it's it's tougher to buy into everything. You know, there are some there are some things that are difficult for me to understand and and believe, but but there's many, many other things that I can't explain only with the existence of a god, but whether he lets us go again for eternity, I just hope. I won't convince somebody else at this point, which is doesn't make me a really really good question and because I'm supposed to evan specialize. Mh.
 
 Lex Fridman: But there's still a fear. Yeah. There's a fear in a hope.
 
 Jack Barsky: On the other hand, I know that you see... See this this is this is how I approached the the the last year's of my life. I will not I will not mentally or physically get the cr. I'm will do everything I can do to be alert and fit. I still run.
 
 I won four or five times a week. And I'm going to start lifting weights again.
 
 Lex Fridman: Good.
 
 Jack Barsky: He stayed physically mentally sharp. Yes go out with guns blazing. That's that's... And and I went to write a book written by by medical doctor. He said most people when when when when they're becoming mature that the the rest of their life is a slow downward move.
 
 And the... Not for you. Know the the the last years are pretty bad. He said you gotta do this. Boom.
 
 Lex Fridman: That's that's pretty good advice from a doctor. And if nothing else from Christianity, whichever parts you take on one of the big ones is love. Yeah. That's something you've lived from the very beginning before. Yes.
 
 Before God was part of life before anything was part of your life. It seemed that
 
 Jack Barsky: love was part of your life and was been a consistent thread throughout. Yes, sir. And there's a there's short sentence and and the bible says god is love. And and the and all the other thing that I wanna say, the the question morality is is I'm... I I I can sign that with my blood.
 
 Okay. God is love. Amen
 
 Lex Fridman: Jack, You're an incredible person lived in incredible life. Thank you for talking today. Thank you for telling your story. Thank you for being who you are. And thank you for being all about Love.
 
 This this is a beautiful conversation was an honor
 
 Jack Barsky: You. And
 
 Lex Fridman: appreciate the tough questions that you asked. Thanks for listening to this conversation with Jack Bar. To support the podcast. Please check out our sponsors in the description. And now let me leave you some words from Edwards noting.
 
 You can't come up against the world's most powerful intelligence agencies and not accept the risk if they want to get you, over time, they will. Thank you for listening. And hope to see you next time.