
 Lex Fridman: The following is a conversation with Joe Rogen. His second time, I'm the spot guest.
 
 Lex Fridman: He
 
 Lex Fridman: has inspired me for many years with this conversation to be a better and kinder person and has now been doing so as a friend. There's no one I would rather talk to on this three hundredth episode of this podcast on the fourth of July. both the anniversary of this country's declaration of independence and the anniversary of my immigrating here to the United States. a silly kid who couldn't speak English and could never imagine that he will be so damn lucky as to live the life I've lived. to feel the love I felt
 
 Lex Fridman: from
 
 Lex Fridman: the amazing people along the
 
 Lex Fridman: way, from
 
 Lex Fridman: the bottom of my heart, Thank you. I love you all. This select treatment podcast to support it, please check out our sponsors in the description. And now, dear friends, here's Joe Rokin. Charles Bikowski said something in a poem called style about art.
 
 He defined art saying styles that answered everything. A fresh way to approach a dull or dangerous thing. To do a dull thing with style is preferable to doing a dangerous thing without it. To do a dangerous thing with style. is what I call art.
 
 What do you think you
 
 Joe Rogan: meant by that? Do you agree with this? A dangerous thing with style is art.
 
 Lex Fridman: You said both both fighting can be art, boxing can be art, loving can be art. Have you ever made love when it was art? No. Okay. I'm not asking.
 
 Joe Rogan: opening every time, bro.
 
 Lex Fridman: Opening a dinosaur Dean's can be art. I think there's
 
 Joe Rogan: something to
 
 Lex Fridman: that.
 
 Joe Rogan: Yeah. I think the I think I I called the way people live life art. Like, I wrote a forward to my friend Cameron Haynes' book. and which is right now the number one selling audiobook in the world. I and I one of the things that I said was that practices an art that very few people appreciate and it's the art of the maximized life and that the discipline that he displays in his life and through his practices and all the things that he does, it it's so difficult to to live the way he lives.
 
 that for someone like me who understands it and knows what he's doing and appreciates it and appreciates how insanely difficult it is to have a full time job and run ultra marathons, get up at four o'clock in the morning, run a full marathon before work. Like, that's the kind of shit that that he he does when he when he's training for these two hundred and forty mile runs. All the the may at the same time being, like, a father, a husband having this full time job also being the best bow hunter on earth, lifting weights. It's like, how is how does a person do this?
 
 Lex Fridman: So in any way, discipline is art too.
 
 Joe Rogan: Yes. Discipline is art. Yeah. I think it is because it's beautiful for me to say. When I see someone who's really truly disciplined, who like a David Goggin, someone who just like truly maximizes the grind.
 
 I feel like there's an art to that. And there's an there's an art to kindness. Like, there's people that are really kind and really sweet and when I'm around them, it's beautiful. It's like a there's art to them no matter what.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. They still they got you know, the world can throw a bunch shit at you, but through all the way. Yeah.
 
 Joe Rogan: Some people are just great at it. Yeah. And it's a it's a thing that you learn how to do. And it's pleasing for other people to see. And and that, I think, is where the art is.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, I think Baukos has said, And I'm just a Bekauskas cold generator today.
 
 Joe Rogan: I love
 
 Lex Fridman: him. I love him very much too. He's a dark and troubled and fasting and a weird person. Like, Hunter s Thompson,
 
 Joe Rogan: Yeah. He
 
 Lex Fridman: said what matters most is how you walk through the fire, I think. So there's a bit of the can hands in that too. David Gogens in that too. We think he meant by that.
 
 Joe Rogan: Well, how you walk through the fire? I mean, you can walk through the fire complaining along the way. You can walk through the fire. and create an example for everyone else so that the trials and tribulations of their own lives seem trivial. because they're comparing themselves the way you handle things.
 
 Or the way you handle things with grace and dignity and discipline can show other people that they can handle their own life this way. And there's there's beauty in that. There really is. And there's so there's so much so much inspiration to be gathered from other people. If you're a charitable person, if you're charitable and and and compassionate, and you you you can look at people.
 
 Even even people that I don't like, I try to look at the best aspects of how they live their life and and and recognize those aspects, admire them, give them credit for it. There's something that we can all get out of watching the way other people live their lives. So I got a chance to see
 
 Lex Fridman: you walk through the fire a little bit privately and publicly. this year in January. I gotta ask you about that. So there's, like, generic conversations about sort of cancel culture and all those kinds of things. But as a human being, this to me is fascinating.
 
 Sort of there's the n word highlight video. There's the criticism of the different guests, whatever the side is on the COVID pandemic. And you I mean, there's a mass amount of attack on you. Outside of being a public persona, outside of being comedian podcast. So you're you're you're also a human being.
 
 So how did you survive that? How how did you sort of walk through that fire because he seemed to do it with grace.
 
 Joe Rogan: I used mushrooms. That was one way I did it. Yeah. Really?
 
 Lex Fridman: What's your as Andrew Cuban would say, what was your protocol?
 
 Joe Rogan: I took there's probably less than a gram every day every
 
 Lex Fridman: day.
 
 Joe Rogan: Yeah. And I did a lot of, like, really hard working out. but also, I mean, there's a great benefit to going through anything difficult. And if you're aware, like, in advance and enduring, like, anything that's gonna happen that's very difficult. and troubling.
 
 The the great benefit is it gives you an opportunity to grow. It gives you an opportunity to express yourself under pressure. to to show your character, to show who you truly are. And it gives you an opportunity to see how you handle a very difficult situation. It also was fascinating as a person that's involved in media.
 
 Right? Because what we're doing right now is media even though, you know, it seems like, podcasts seem like we're just having a conversation -- Right. -- and they are. in in in that sense, it's kind of the purest form of media because what you're doing is your you're you're doing it without any fanfare. You're doing it without any there's no executives looming over your head or network or big meetings about ratings or any of that stuff.
 
 But it is media. But when I got to see is the wiring under the machine of how the rest of media would try to take me out. and, you know, they like, when CNN would be just be playing things over and over and back and forth, it was wild to watch. It was also a while to watch was people's responses because I gained two million subscribers during that time. Like, the podcast never got bigger.
 
 It just kept kept growing. It it had never been bigger than it had been, like, at the end of all of
 
 Joe Rogan: it. just
 
 Joe Rogan: made it bigger. And, you know, ultimately, when if you've fucked up in the past or made mistakes or done something
 
 Lex Fridman: wrong,
 
 Joe Rogan: That gives you an opportunity to discuss those things and to say, to apologize if you feel the need to apologize, and also to just address it. And so people under that kind of pressure, they get a it's an opportunity for them to understand how you think about things. honestly, how you actually, honestly think about things. And there's no more honesty that you get out of a person than when that person is under extreme duress. you know, so I think in that sense, I mean, it's horrible to say
 
 Lex Fridman: that it's a benefit, that it's a good thing that had happened, but it was a benefit. can you see how I can break a person? because --
 
 Joe Rogan: Yes. --
 
 Lex Fridman: I've gotten a chance to experience small small attacks here and there. Yeah. Once that get to the core of things, like, even just talking to about Russia and Ukraine, to Stephen Cox and Oliver Stone, like looking at different perspectives, you gain a relative for me feeling like a sizable number of people who really don't like you.
 
 Joe Rogan: Yeah. And
 
 Lex Fridman: say things about you that are that may be cut deep for a reason I don't understand why. It's just my own psychology. What's also because you can't defend yourself, because they're
 
 Joe Rogan: saying it, and you're not there. And you you don't have any opportunity for a rebuttal. And if you do have a rebuttal, you're doing it publicly. And you're opening it up to the whole world to chime in. And there's a general tendency that people have towards negativity when they're interacting with strangers online, especially about controversial subjects.
 
 And even if it's only ten percent of the people, it's one out of ten. That's a lot. That's a lot of negativity when you're dealing with thousands and thousands of tweets. Yeah. And
 
 Lex Fridman: I think maybe I'm just a very self critical person, but I hear their words and I'm probably somewhere deep inside see the truth in the criticism. In some aspects of the criticism, and that's why it hurts. Well,
 
 Joe Rogan: it's but it's and one aspect of you Right? You know? But when you're reading it, it's so it it it it it's boiled down to this one thing. as if that one thing defines you totally. Like, if you've made a mistake, if you've said something that you shouldn't have said, or if you said something and, you know, maybe you should have considered it more carefully giving the gravity of the situation.
 
 you know, that that's just a part of being a person. And it's also part of being a person where you're communicating with things publicly in real time thinking out loud, which is what we do. You know, it's complex, and most people don't do it. And you're gonna have these you're gonna have genuine hotcakes where people just see what you said and go, why did he say that? Fuck him.
 
 in over he doesn't know anything about he doesn't live in Ukraine. He you know, there's, like, there's there's people that are gonna have takes on that in that way. And then there's also gonna be these disingenuous people who just use any kind of controversial topic or subject as an opportunity for them to get
 
 Lex Fridman: clicks or views. Isn't that the number of those people can be quite large? Quite
 
 Joe Rogan: large.
 
 Lex Fridman: And so going back to do you think it can destroy a person? because I kind of worry about this. And you're in many ways, but in this way, an aspiration that it didn't seem to have destroy you. But I kept
 
 Joe Rogan: doing shows. I kept doing standup. I ignored everything. I didn't read any of it. It's So it is possible to just think A hundred percent.
 
 Joe Rogan: Yes. Yeah. I
 
 Lex Fridman: ignored it all. But you have
 
 Joe Rogan: I knew it was there.
 
 Lex Fridman: Like, your family didn't bring it up. My friend was very
 
 Joe Rogan: very aware of it. My wife was aware of
 
 Lex Fridman: it. What was the conversation? Like, if if your wife is aware of it, is there, like, a rule pretend it's not happening -- No. -- just like Well, I don't I tell her don't ever read past the green beans. Yeah.
 
 Joe Rogan: I don't ever let her, like, read negative articles to me. You know, I don't want them. I don't hate care. I know that's a person's opinion. You take a person's opinion, you write it down.
 
 doesn't give it any more relevance. Like, that person, you know, could have had that opinion and silence. They could have had it with some friends at dinner. They don't like me, whatever. I don't wanna read it.
 
 I don't wanna absorb it. I don't even know them. Especially if I'm not there. And especially if it's some biased and it's it's not an objective opinion of me. It's this you know, they have a narrative and they wanna stick to that narrative and they wanna write an article.
 
 and they piece it all together, make you a really good piece of shit. And that's their prerogative. They're completely out to do that, but I don't I I shouldn't absorb that. I shouldn't take that in. you're not supposed to be taking in the opinion of the world.
 
 Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: You're
 
 Joe Rogan: supposed to be taking in the opinion of small groups of people that you encounter. so that you get an understanding of how you make them feel. And then maybe you say to yourself, maybe I come across too rude. or maybe I come across too insensitive or maybe maybe I could do better in this way or that way. That's how we sort of shape our personalities and that's how we we develop our social skills.
 
 But when the people don't know you and they have this like distorted narrative of you, And, you know, there's fucking millions of people. There's so many people. You can't I think
 
 Lex Fridman: the millions now, actually. I
 
 Joe Rogan: mean, millions of people that are, like, communicating about something. like, during the height of the, you know, the the attempt to cancel me or whatever that is, I don't know how many people were involved in that. people
 
 Lex Fridman: take this kind of stuff seriously, but the the problem is the false narratives take hold, and then you you you have meetings, you have groups, you have bills on top of each other, and there's this outrage, and then it reaches you at some point. And they can just have these destructive effects. And it does
 
 Joe Rogan: But it also sometimes doesn't. And in my case, it didn't. It didn't work.
 
 Lex Fridman: What lessons did you draw from that? mushrooms, exercise. My
 
 Joe Rogan: mushrooms and exercise exercise is critical. So I don't think the mushrooms by themselves would've worked, but that's the thing that I use for everything. is the brutal exercise. Like, my exercise routines are horrible. And because of that, everything else is easier.
 
 I create my own bullshit. and my own bullshit is so much harder. And it's not just that. It's also sawn on cold plunge and these are the torture sessions. they in enduring those.
 
 When you endure those, it makes enduring other things much easier. And it's also an understanding of what's happening. Like, you have to know, like, media. You have to understand, like, what the hot take, you know, YouTube, social media, podcasts, ecosphere is doing, like, if they're talking about, you know, Lex Friedman said this, and we have comment on that and, you know, Lex gets canceled and all capital letters on a YouTube clip. And if you you watch that, you're fucking crazy.
 
 What are you doing? Absorbing all this? negativity, it's not good for you. You are you. You know you.
 
 And you know generally if you've made a mistake, and you know generally if people are upset with you. You
 
 Lex Fridman: posted this awesome video on your Instagram of a woman who was being interviewed in nineteen late nineteen twenties, maybe Yes. Yeah. Yeah. and she's she's close to a hundred years old. So she's lived through the civil war through world war one.
 
 She was at the time living through the early days of the great depression. So I was just looking back, you know, what have we as a human civilization in recent times survived, especially in the United States? you're talking about the two world wars in twentieth century, the great depression, the Spanish flu, the pandemic, at the beginning of the twentieth century. Yeah. What do we do in the United States?
 
 Nine eleven? If you think of what are the traumatic events that shook our world? It's nine eleven. It made us rethink our place in the world. The pandemic.
 
 Pandemic is a huge one.
 
 Joe Rogan: I mean, one of the bigger ones, because it also accelerated and exacerbated our anxiety, which people have a certain level of anxiety already, especially sedentary people. they have a very high level of anxiety already because I don't think they're they're giving their body what it what it needs. I don't think there you know, your your body has certain requirements in terms of movement. And when you deny your body those requirements, I think there's, like, a general level of anxiety that exists in almost everyone. And then you have people obviously that have mental health issues.
 
 And that also exacerbates the anxiety. the lockdown exacerbated the anxiety, losing loved ones to the pandemic exacerbated anxiety. And then there was the division, the different schools of thought, the people that were never gonna get vaccinated, no matter what, I ain't trust in it. People that thought there was microchips in there, people that thought that, you know, Fauci's the demon. And there's there was a lot And there's also, like, political leanings.
 
 The right wing people tended to not wanna be vaccinated, whereas the left wing people for whatever reason, all of a sudden are trusting pharmaceutical companies, like, explicitly. It was weird. It's a it was a weird time. And I think over time, as it's gonna as it gets analyzed, and we we break it down. It's gonna be one of the weirdest moments for shaping human culture.
 
 And, unfortunately, for throwing gasoline on this already burning fire of, you
 
 Lex Fridman: know,
 
 Joe Rogan: of conflict between the various factions of of of thought in this country. It's just a it's already a weird time. You know, post Trump Like, the Trump era is also going to be one of the weirder times when when people look back historically about the division in this country. he's such a polarizing figure that so many people felt like
 
 Lex Fridman: they
 
 Joe Rogan: could abandon their own ethics and morals and principles just to attack him and anybody who supports him because he is an existential threat to democracy itself. But don't you think
 
 Lex Fridman: it's not a cause, but maybe like a symptom, like it's gonna get said it got real weird. Maybe it's gonna get weirder. Yeah. I think
 
 Joe Rogan: it's gonna get
 
 Lex Fridman: weirder. He's
 
 Joe Rogan: gonna run again. You think he's
 
 Lex Fridman: gonna get weird.
 
 Joe Rogan: Well, he's running against a dead man. you know, I mean, Biden shakes hands with people that aren't even there when he gets off stage. Yeah. I think he's seeing ghosts. Yeah.
 
 Do you see him on Jimmy Kimmel the other day? No. Well, he was just rambling. I mean, he's if he was anyone else, if he was a Republican, if that was Donald Trump doing that, every fucking talk show would be screaming for him to be off the air. And by the way, I'm not a Trump supporter in any way, shape or form.
 
 I've had the opportunity to have him on my show more than once. I've said no every time. I don't wanna help him. I'm not interested in helping
 
 Lex Fridman: him. The the the night is still young. We'll
 
 Joe Rogan: see. If I have mom,
 
 Joe Rogan: the night is still young. Yeah. Think I'll have mom? I think you'll have
 
 Lex Fridman: him on. Really? Why do you
 
 Joe Rogan: think that? because you'll have Putin on?
 
 Lex Fridman: and you're competitive as fuck. No. I I think, ultimately, I mean, you had you've had a lot of people that I think you might you may otherwise be skeptical would I have a good conversation? which I think is your metric. You don't care about politics.
 
 So can I have a good conversation? And I think you you had, like, people people like Kanye on for example, and
 
 Lex Fridman: I had
 
 Lex Fridman: a great conversation with him. I think you I I think But
 
 Joe Rogan: Kanye is an artist. Right. But Kanye doing well or not doing well, doesn't change the course of our
 
 Joe Rogan: country. Yep. But,
 
 Lex Fridman: you know, do you really bear the responsibility of the course of our country based on a conversation.
 
 Joe Rogan: I think you can revitalize and rehabilitate someone's image in a way that is pretty shocking. Look at the way people look at Alex Jones now, because Alex Jones has been on my podcast a few times. Yeah. How do they which direction? The people that have watched those podcasts -- Yeah.
 
 -- think he's hilarious. And they think that he definitely fucked up with that whole Sandy Hook thing, but he's right more than he's wrong, and he's not an evil guy. He's just a guy who's had some psychotic breaks in his life. He's had some genuine mental health issues that he's addressed. He's had some serious bouts of alcoholism.
 
 some serious bouts of substance abuse, and they've contributed to some very poor thinking. But if you know the guy, if you get to know him like I have, I've known him for more than twenty years. And if you know him on podcast, you realize, like, he is genuinely trying to unearth some things that are genuinely disturbing for most people. Like, this is a guy that was telling me about Epstein's Island fucking decade ago, at least. He was telling me about I was like, what?
 
 you're telling me there's a place where they bring elites to compromise them with underage girls and they film them. Really? Like, what cut the fuck out here. Yeah. Look, no.
 
 President Clinton's been there. Everyone's been there. Like, but it sounds like nonsense. And not only is it true, but people keep getting fucking murdered for it. Did you see that latest Clinton advisor that got murdered by it?
 
 Yep. Yeah. Hung with an extension cord shot himself in the chest thirty miles from his house, and they're calling in a suicide. And now even
 
 Lex Fridman: Elon Musk is asking, where's the clientele list?
 
 Joe Rogan: Yeah. We
 
 Lex Fridman: should we should probably see who's been to that island. Yeah. We
 
 Joe Rogan: should probably see who's been to that island. And there's probably more of those kind of things out there that
 
 Lex Fridman: haven't been exposed. Yep. But sort of to push back in your you you had those conversations with Alex Jones. Wouldn't you be able to have the same kind of conversation with Donald Trump?
 
 Joe Rogan: the problem. No.
 
 Lex Fridman: It's not the problem. You revealed that Alex Jones is a human being. Yeah. He's fucked up. He has demons in his head.
 
 He's obviously chaotic all over the place, but there's some wisdom to the perspective he takes on the world, even though he is often full of shit, he is able to predict certain things and very few people are willing to bring up. So isn't Trump the same way? Fuck that person, ego maniac, whatever personality things you can talk about, isn't it worthwhile to lay it out? Like, who's going to If you listen to interviews of Trump, who has the balls to calm out on his bullshit?
 
 Lex Fridman: Chris Wallsted.
 
 Lex Fridman: No. Calling out somebody on their bullshit is easy when you're just being adversarial. But as a person who is genuinely empathetically trying to understand. Yeah.
 
 Joe Rogan: I think
 
 Lex Fridman: you're really good at that. Like, you pulled up May I
 
 Lex Fridman: know if
 
 Joe Rogan: you would genuinely be there? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like, I think
 
 Lex Fridman: he would
 
 Joe Rogan: be putting on a performance. And that's you know, I think
 
 Lex Fridman: he can break through that in, like, thirty minutes. I'd need more
 
 Joe Rogan: time than
 
 Lex Fridman: that. and he doesn't do
 
 Joe Rogan: any drugs. That's You can get Alex high. Yeah. Get him drunk. Then he'll start talking about interdimensional child molesters.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. You know, and then you you get to real Alex. Or maybe maybe you have somebody else on as well to introduce chaos like
 
 Lex Fridman: Alex. No.
 
 Joe Rogan: No. No. No. That's the goal. I would have to be just me and him.
 
 I would have to that would be a focused thing. I would have to, like, really take time with with Trump. But also, I'm not well versed enough politically to know all of the corruption that's been alleged and to understand what the the whole Russia gate stuff, what what's real? Like, how much of it, it's clear that there is more than one organization that's involved in communicating with Russia. before the two thousand sixteen election.
 
 So it was it's pretty clear that the Clint administration was involved. It's pretty clear that that the Trump administration had some communication with some people in Russia. It's pretty clear that Hunter Biden had some very suspicious dealings in Ukraine. And there's a lot going on there, man. And it's it's hard for anybody to parse.
 
 It's really hard for anybody and especially to have an objective assessment of exactly what's going on, and then to be able to do that and broadcast it publicly. That's quite a project. And I think if you really wanna do that correctly, it's something that I would have to research for a long time.
 
 Lex Fridman: and to really, really and I don't have that kind of time. Not not for maybe for certain for certain people that you're really curious about Like, you have that kind of time for Bob Azar? Yes.
 
 Joe Rogan: Yes. But maybe not for Donald Trump. No. That's different. because Bob Azar what what, you know, what he's talking about.
 
 Like, I wanted to know, with the Bob Azar thing, I wanted to know, first of all, I wanna be around him, and see if I could smell bullshit. Did you? Like, did
 
 Lex Fridman: okay. No. I didn't, man.
 
 Joe Rogan: That was what's weird about it. Not only did I not smell bullshit, I went over all of his interviews. I went out. He's he's not done a lot, but he's done enough. And
 
 Lex Fridman: he's done them
 
 Joe Rogan: over the course of thirty plus years. And it's alarming how consistent his story is, which is really weird when you think about you're talking about back engineering alien crafts and working on a, you know, a top secret government test site that's carved into the side of a mountain. and say to camouflage it from satellites, it's it's such a wacky story. But the guy really did work at Los Alamos Labs He really is a propulsion expert. He really is a scientist.
 
 Did he really work on back engineering UFOs? I don't know. But the way he described their motion is exactly like what's been observed by some of these pilots that have these videos that they've captured. And
 
 Lex Fridman: I just love that, like, NASA, I've been hearing from a bunch of folks who they're legitimately, like, funding research and there's people really taking the seriously of EFO sightings, investigating them -- Yeah. --
 
 Joe Rogan: like adding
 
 Lex Fridman: more and more sensors to collect data from just observing and higher higher definitions. It's it's cool to finally see that. He was one of the early people wondering if he's full of shit or not that kinda force people to start taking this kind of these
 
 Joe Rogan: topics seriously or at least force people to have conversations about them and maybe attempt to debunk them because it seems so preposterous, but then get sucked down the rabbit hole and start going, maybe. We'll fucking It's the thing is, like, the Fermi Paradox. Like, where are they? Right? And when you take into account just the sheer raw numbers, the vast majority of people objectively assume that there is life out there.
 
 The vast majority. Well, if if you really take into account what we understand about the universe itself. What we understand about the concept of the of infinity. And the way Neil Degrasse Tyson has explained it to me is
 
 Joe Rogan: that not
 
 Joe Rogan: only are there life forms out there, but there's you. You are out there. Infinity is so large. that Lex Friedman exists and doesn't just exist, but exists an infinite number of times, like the amount of interactions that cells and molecules, the same exact interactions that have happened here on earth have happened in the exact same order. an infinite number of times in the cosmos.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, first of all, it's not certain that that's true as as possible possible. Like Sean Carroll, you know, especially with quantum mechanics, based on certain interpretation of quantum mechanics, that's that's very possible. But the question is, can you access those universes. Right. And so How far away the more the more sort of specific practical question is this local pocket of the universe our galaxy, our neighboring galaxies, are there aliens there?
 
 What did they look like? Right. Are they so you can have this Pennsylvania idea were a much larger, like like daddy civilization. Mhmm. Like, rolled by and just planted a few aliens at a similar time,
 
 Joe Rogan: like Promethius --
 
 Lex Fridman: Yes. -- a different, you know, throughout the galaxy. And those are the ones who might be interacting with. They're all kinda dumb -- Mhmm. -- as we are.
 
 Relatively, you know, maybe a few million years apart. and then those are the ones we're interacting with, and then we have a chance to actually connect with them, communicate with them, or it could be, like, much more wide open and you have these gigantic cellular civilizations that are expanding very, very quickly. And the interesting thing is when you look up with sky. You see the stars. That's light
 
 Lex Fridman: from those
 
 Lex Fridman: stars. We might not be seeing the alien civilizations until they're ready here. Meaning -- Right. -- like you start expanding, once you get really good at expanding, you're going to be expanding very close to speed of light. So right now, we don't see much in the in the sky, but there could be one night one day we wake up and it's just, like, everywhere -- Mhmm.
 
 -- and they're here. Right.
 
 Joe Rogan: Right? Because the amount of time the light takes to reach us. Yeah. And then the the thing that I've been really fascinated by is these alternative forms of transportation that they're discussing. Like, the the ability to harness worm holes and the the ability to to do things that what a a a type three civilization is capable of.
 
 I had Michio Kaku on my broadcast resiliations. Fantastic. Love that guy. he's so he's so good at taking extremely complex concepts and boiling them down for digestion. and and, you know, and saying them in a way that other people can appreciate.
 
 Lex Fridman: And not being hesitant about saying wild crazy shit that's out there, but grounded in what's actually possible. Yeah.
 
 Joe Rogan: He's all in on this UFO phenomenon now. He's now he's like, now the burden of proof is to people. for people to come up with some sort of a conventional explanation for these things. He goes because these things are defying all the concepts of physics that that we're we currently know in terms of what our capabilities are and and propulsion systems and and so many other things that what we know about what current science is capable of reproducing. As far as what we know, the problem is like these military projects that are top secret.
 
 Like, how much money do they have? They have a lot of money. Like
 
 Lex Fridman: but is
 
 Joe Rogan: it possible, and maybe you could speak to this? Is it possible that there could be some propulsion systems that have been developed and implemented that are far beyond just the simple burning of rocket fuel, pushing the fire out the back, which forces the rocket at extreme speeds forward. That's something that does harness gravity. Something that can distort space and time. and can make travel from one point to another, like, preposterously fast?
 
 Well, not only is it possible, I think it's likely that that kind
 
 Lex Fridman: of stuff would be kept the secret. Yeah. It's just everything you see about these about the way either if it's contractors like Lockheed Martin or if it's DOD, the the the the actual Department of Defense, they operate in complete secrecy even looking at the the history of the stealth fighter. Just even the stealth technology was kept a secret for a very, very long time. and not until you're ready to use it and need to use it, does it become public?
 
 And not officially public is just is being detected out in the wild. So there's going to be a process where you're secretly testing it, and that might creep up, which is maybe what we're seeing. and then it's waiting for the next big war. The next big reason to use the thing. Yeah.
 
 And so, yeah, there's there's definitely technologies now. There might not be propulsion technologies, there could be AI, surveillance technologies, there could be different kinds of stealth drones. There could be it could be also in cyberspace, like cyber war weapons, all that kind of stuff
 
 Joe Rogan: that they're obviously going to be kept secret. I'm I'm very skeptical lately. And the reason why I'm skeptical is the government keeps talking about it. the Pentagon keeps talking about it, NASA keeps talking about it, in which direction you skeptical. I'm skeptical that it's their aliens.
 
 I think most likely it's a smokescreen. And most likely these are some sort of like incredibly advanced drones that they've developed, that they wanna pretend don't exist. That seems the more likely scenario because otherwise, my take is like, what's the benefit of them discussing these things? Like, what's the benefit of them discussing these things openly? These are, you know, what what the way they described it, off world crafts not made from this earth.
 
 Like, why? Why would they tell us that? I mean, unless there's an imminent danger of us being invaded. And they wanna prepare people so they don't freak out as much. you know, like, maybe freak them out a little bit, say that publicly.
 
 The New York Times article, the Pentagon discussing it, all these different things. That's the waters. Yeah. Well, let let people know that this is a thing -- Yeah. -- or my take is like that.
 
 I don't think they do that. I don't think they tell us. I think they I think I think the government has a lot of contempt for the for the citizens. I really do. I think they have contempt for our intelligence.
 
 They have contempt for our need to know things. And I also think they think that they are running us It's not we're all in us together, and the government works for the people, and the government is of the people. I don't think they think that way. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: They basic ideas, you can't trust the populace, the govern itself because we're a bunch of idiots. Yeah. I think that's accurate. Well,
 
 Lex Fridman: because they're not wrong,
 
 Lex Fridman: but they're all they're all idiots. Power hungry idiots. Yeah. I don't think they're I
 
 Joe Rogan: don't think everyone's an idiot, but I think there are enough idiots that it becomes a real problem if you're completely honest about everything you do and -- Yeah. -- you know, you don't want to let everybody weigh in about things that are incredibly complex and that most people are ignorant of. And on top of that, there's this machine of
 
 Lex Fridman: of intelligence. I've I've recently been reading a lot about the KGB, about the FSB. So I've several things sparked my curiosity. So one, I'm traveling to Ukraine and to Moscow. And because of that, I started to sort of ask practical questions and myself just traveling all those kinds of things.
 
 I started reading a lot about the KGB. Jack Barsky has a book on this. I talked to him. And you start to realize you probably looked into some of this, but you just start to realize the scale of surveillance manipulation. Now a lot of them also talk about the incompetence of those organizations.
 
 The usual bureaucracy creeps in. But the point is it seems like there's no line they're not willing to cross for the purpose of gathering intelligence. for the purpose of controlling people in order to gather intelligence. Now this is MI six, FSB,
 
 Lex Fridman: there's not
 
 Lex Fridman: much information about the FSP or the GRU, but the KGB. So we're always like twenty years behind. or more on the actual information. And so I started to wonder,
 
 Joe Rogan: so I have
 
 Lex Fridman: not officially been contacted by any intelligence agency. But I
 
 Lex Fridman: start to
 
 Lex Fridman: wonder, well, is there somebody I know that's doing that? Under cover CIA or undercover, FSB, undercover, anything? You probably
 
 Joe Rogan: do. Have you asked yourself this question? Yeah. For sure. Yeah.
 
 People that have been on my podcast? Yeah. For sure.
 
 Lex Fridman: You think there was actual, I guess, that may have been a hundred percent. man. I would imagine, would you
 
 Lex Fridman: know? I
 
 Joe Rogan: have suspicions. Do you care?
 
 Joe Rogan: Is this I
 
 Joe Rogan: mean, it
 
 Lex Fridman: depends on what
 
 Joe Rogan: they're attempting to do. Right? Like, if I felt like there was some deception involved, and they were trying to use the podcast to manipulate a narrative in a deceptive way to trick people into things. Yeah. I would care.
 
 But this is exactly what those are
 
 Lex Fridman: the kind of things they do. They do plant narratives. Yeah.
 
 Joe Rogan: I mean,
 
 Lex Fridman: I
 
 Joe Rogan: would imagine
 
 Lex Fridman: If you have the number
 
 Lex Fridman: one podcast in the world that people would wanna infiltrate that, yeah, there's probably meetings in all major intelligence agencies about, okay, what are the large
 
 Lex Fridman: platforms? How
 
 Lex Fridman: do we just how do we spread the message? Yeah.
 
 Joe Rogan: Well, I mean, that's the the thing that really emerged when we're talking about during my cancellation, that there's a clear there's there's no objective analysis of this in mainstream media. There's clear narratives that they're trying to push forward to whether it's to promote certain ideas or to diminish the power and reach of people who are Maverick's or people who who are, you know, who aren't connected to a system that you can't compromise. That's where it gets dangerous. Right? or it gets dangerous is when someone has the largest reach, but is also completely detached.
 
 And clearly is independent in the sense of independent thinking has on whoever he wants. but your mind can still be manipulated? I guess I can. I mean, I guess everybody can be manipulated a certain way. I manipulate my own mind, I'm sure too.
 
 But I also spent a lot of time thinking about what I think. You know, I don't just accept things. Like like the UFO thing. Like, I was all in for a while, and now I'm like, man, something smells fishy. I'm and and now I'm thinking thinking like, why?
 
 Here's my problem with the UFO thing. I want it to be real so bad. Yeah. That's my
 
 Lex Fridman: problem
 
 Joe Rogan: with it. I'm such a
 
 Lex Fridman: sucker. I
 
 Joe Rogan: want it to be real so bad, you know. And that's that's a problem for me because I'm aware of it. And so then I stop and think about, like, what is what what is my desire for UFO truth to be exposed. Well, it's because it's fun. You know?
 
 Yeah. It that's what it is. So I have a desire to for it to be real. And I and I've
 
 Lex Fridman: talked to I talked to a bunch of folks about this. So those with connection with DOD, and they do draw lines between people that are fully shit and people who are not there's a lot of people in the public sphere that they say are full of shit. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: Sure.
 
 Lex Fridman: And then you have to kinda tell the difference. Yeah.
 
 Joe Rogan: CNN. Watch them talk. What? I
 
 Lex Fridman: mean, even You know, I need it. Every minute. On the UFO topic. Oh, so UFO
 
 Joe Rogan: topic. There are
 
 Lex Fridman: certain individuals they're like, okay. They're just like using this. In fact, like, people who are not full of shit are often very quiet.
 
 Joe Rogan: Right. which
 
 Lex Fridman: is why, you know, even Bob Lazar is an interesting story because he was trying to be quiet for the longest time. Well, he was worried about
 
 Lex Fridman: his own life.
 
 Joe Rogan: according to Bob. And that's why he went public with it. And initially, the first videos he did with George Nap, they hit his identity.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Yeah. And
 
 Joe Rogan: then he felt like that wasn't enough. And he really need to
 
 Lex Fridman: expose
 
 Joe Rogan: his own identity just to protect his life.
 
 Lex Fridman: which is
 
 Joe Rogan: a great story. You know? So you gotta go, well, that seems so juicy. I wanna buy into it. that's where
 
 Lex Fridman: I get nervous. You don't know. You don't know who to trust in your world. Exactly. How how how do you figure that out?
 
 How do you figure out who to trust in your life? you're Gerald, and a lot of people wanna be close to your CIA agents, FSP agents, people that work I'm friends with the former CIA agent,
 
 Joe Rogan: Mike Baker who's been on my podcast a bunch of times allegedly former. Former. Think about that. He's air quotes former. Yeah.
 
 Yeah. I don't believe he's former. I'm sure he has some connection to him. I also believe he's a good guy. But I gain a lot of very intelligent and well informed insights from him as to how things work.
 
 And, you know,
 
 Lex Fridman: I think
 
 Joe Rogan: yeah. I'm
 
 Joe Rogan: I'm sure
 
 Joe Rogan: he doesn't tell me everything about everything, but he's told me enough where I I I think I can understand things better
 
 Joe Rogan: from talking
 
 Joe Rogan: to him about how the way, you know,
 
 Lex Fridman: devil's work
 
 Joe Rogan: under the machine? What what about friends? How do you know if you can trust? Well, most of my friends are old friends. Time it.
 
 Lex Fridman: So time is the thing -- Yeah. -- like, just going through shit together. Yeah. And see how much shit
 
 Joe Rogan: that, you know, first of all, comics. Like, you can trust
 
 Lex Fridman: Cummins. Yeah. That's that's that's
 
 Joe Rogan: pretty trustworthy. The good ones, the really good ones. Yeah. There's not that many of us. If there's a thousand professional comics on earth, I'd be stunned.
 
 I'd be stunned. I don't even think there's a thousand, like real professionals. who you get booked all the time headline weekends at clubs and theaters and arenas. And then there's levels to that. Right?
 
 There's like the guys who are middle acts who kinda like barely scrape by, and then, like, how many headliners are there? How many, like, really funny headliners that I would say if you relax, you tell me you're gonna be in Cincinnati. Hey, this person's playing at this club. Should I go see them? I'm like, You know, like, how many people would I give the the recommendation to?
 
 And then how many people sell out theaters? how many people sell out arenas? How many there's not that fucking many. So those people, like, at the the levels of comedy where you do, you know, you be doing stand up for twenty years. You there's a certain amount of honesty and a certain amount of understanding of each other that we all Oh, so
 
 Lex Fridman: that that process of becoming a great comic is, like, humbling. In the way, like -- Yeah. -- jiu jitsu is humbling. Very similar. Like, there's you've take you've eaten so much shit that -- Yeah.
 
 that that somehow even if you're insane, if you're even if you're chaotic, even in the way even if you're full of shit, you lie a lot, all those kinds of things, Underneath it, there's a good human. Yeah. You could be surface bullshitter, but unimportant things you're trustworthy.
 
 Joe Rogan: hopefully, I mean, if you're not, then people shy away from you. And there are people like that too that are really successful, but that are that are what I call islands. I've I've talked to other comments about that, like, you don't wanna be an island because there's these people that aren't attached to the rest of the community. Yeah. And they're doing well on their own.
 
 And usually, they have, like, one opening act. They bring with them on the road. They've worked with forever, and they don't have comedy friends. And there those people are miserable because they can't relate.
 
 Lex Fridman: Sometimes fame in itself is isolating. Yeah. So you have to actually do a lot of work and make sure you don't. it doesn't isolate you. Yes.
 
 If you become successful, people start wanting stuff from you. Yes. And then sometimes you
 
 Joe Rogan: wanna push
 
 Lex Fridman: them away because of that. as opposed to connect with them. Yeah. I don't
 
 Joe Rogan: enjoy it when people want things from me. It's not fun. just ignore it. Yeah. It's fucking too heavy.
 
 they want too much, and it's it's too much of a a disproportionate relationship. You know, it's too unbalanced. because there are people where you could tell that they're working towards something. They're working towards an angle. and they want to be close to you because you'll you will benefit them.
 
 And then there's other people that are just there's not that many
 
 Lex Fridman: of
 
 Joe Rogan: us, and so we all wanna hang out together. Like, when I one of the podcast I love the most is this podcast I do called ProtectR Parks. Mhmm. It's a thing I do with Ari Shafir, Shane Gilles, and Markiplocks. That's great.
 
 it's so fun because we just get obliterated and we talk so much shit. Yeah. Like, there's conversations after that podcast. Why go, hey, man. We gotta cut that part out.
 
 Yeah. because like Shane will go too far or go too crazy, but we're just making each other laugh and it's just fun. And it's like that kind of camaraderie between real comics. is
 
 Lex Fridman: very precious to me. My favorite part of that is, like, the nonsecular stuff from Mark Norman. Okay. And you guys get so trash that you don't even understand what the hell he's talking but it's funny to
 
 Lex Fridman: the listener because he's still on point.
 
 Lex Fridman: That is a sharp He's
 
 Joe Rogan: still good. Mitch Hedberg, quality. Yes. Well, he's such a such a dedicated comic. You know, he loves comedy so much.
 
 Yes. One of the things I love about him. He's like comedy. he gets decided, like, he loves it. And as does Shane and as does Ari.
 
 Yeah. You know, they really love it. And it's that's so So there's that. Like, I have friends in that way and I have martial arts friends who are some of the also, the thing about being humbled, how things like jujitsu will humble you. Marshall Arts friends are they're also I they know
 
 Lex Fridman: they know
 
 Joe Rogan: who's been through it. you know, they know who's who really has gone through the gauntlet and emerged on the other end a a better person. Well, they said there's very few of us. Let's have the goat discussion. You're
 
 Lex Fridman: not gonna pick anybody, but who who are the greatest of comedy? Who's who's the who's the who's the greatest comic of all time? I
 
 Joe Rogan: don't think there is a greatest comic of all time.
 
 Lex Fridman: It's that North
 
 Lex Fridman: McDonald. North
 
 Joe Rogan: McDonald was one of the great's for sure. But
 
 Lex Fridman: by the way, actually, on that topic, what what do you think about is, I think as a person who was fascinated by the fear of death and death, I think it was a truly genius thing to release a special after you're dead. I don't know how that works. I haven't seen a special view. It's not yeah. It's it's It's called I think nothing special, which sounds like something normal to say.
 
 And it's basically him in front of I mean, I I imagine he wouldn't wanna wanted it edited it that way because it's made to look nicer than I think he probably would have preferred it. but it's him in front of the screen, like, on a Zoom call, doing jokes. without lack cold. Really? Yeah.
 
 And somehow given his, like, dry, dark humor, it works. because it's almost making fun of itself. Almost making fun of that hole that we were stuck stuck alone inside.
 
 Lex Fridman: And because he's
 
 Lex Fridman: still acting as if he's in front of the audience and is almost making fun of the fact that this is what we're forced to do. and it's quite genius. It's really well. And the jokes are really good. But it also makes you realize how important laughter is from the audience, the energy from the audience.
 
 because but there's that's also an intimacy because it's just you and him. Mhmm. Because you're listening to it, you know, there's no audience. Yeah. So that's I don't know.
 
 It's I think it's quite genius. And he's, of course, there's there's certain comics that are like, not
 
 Joe Rogan: only are
 
 Lex Fridman: they funny, but they're truly unique. in like, they're they're they're not in terms of friendship and all that kind of stuff, but in terms of comedy, they're an island. Yeah. Like, they you know, Mitch Hedberg probably is that of course, a lot a lot of people doesn't start to imitate them and and so on. But even right.
 
 Steven Wright. Yeah. I mean, there's, like, people who are, like, you know, Deschappell, who's, like, like, probably one of the greats But he's just, like, raw funny. Yeah. I don't know if he's an island.
 
 He's just raw. Oh, yeah. I know what you're saying.
 
 Joe Rogan: Outlier, a unique individual. Yeah. He's just great.
 
 Lex Fridman: norm was
 
 Joe Rogan: definitely unique in his greatness. Like like, there's only one norm, you know, who's got a very specific style. Is
 
 Lex Fridman: there a reason you guys weren't It doesn't seem like he was you guys were close. I mean, I loved him. He was great. I always enjoyed talking to him.
 
 Joe Rogan: we just didn't work together that often. We weren't around each other that often. That's all it was. But it wasn't like it was I loved him, though. He was great guy.
 
 I had a funny story about norm twice. Just randomly, I was on airplanes next to him. Yeah. See see it right next to him. just totally random.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. And one
 
 Joe Rogan: time, we're on
 
 Lex Fridman: this airplane,
 
 Joe Rogan: and we're having this talk. And I was like, yeah. Quit smoking. It was smoking a lot and I just yeah. It's terrible.
 
 A terrible smoke. It's terrible for
 
 Joe Rogan: you. And we
 
 Joe Rogan: have this great conversation. We get off the plane. and he sprints towards a store and buys cigarettes, like in the airport and is lighting it. on the way out the door. And I go, I thought you quit smoking.
 
 It was, yeah, dead, but all that talking about smoking made me want it to smoking yet. So he's before he's getting through the door of the airport, he's lighting it up. I can't wait.
 
 Lex Fridman: He can't wait
 
 Joe Rogan: to get that cigarette in him. It was he's just so crazy and impulsive and loved to gamble. Love gambling. And
 
 Lex Fridman: in that way, he embodied the joke. you can't even tell that certain people just, like, live in a non secular ridiculous absurd funny way. Yeah. That was him.
 
 Joe Rogan: You mean nonstop. There's just there was nothing artificial about that norm. You know, that that was who he was. his brilliance was his essence. That was who he was.
 
 You know? But it's in terms of, like, the greats,
 
 Lex Fridman: the godfather
 
 Joe Rogan: of it all is Lenny Bruce. I mean, I have a bunch of Lenny Bruce concert posters at my house and photos that I have framed and Whitney Cummings actually gave me this brilliant photo of him when he got arrested for one of the times when he got arrested for saying
 
 Lex Fridman: obscene jokes. He was
 
 Joe Rogan: the most important figure in the early days of comedy because he essentially gave birth to the modern art form of stand up comedy. Before that, it was a bunch of guys that were, like, hosting shows and they would tell jokes. They would just, like, you
 
 Joe Rogan: know, you
 
 Joe Rogan: know, two guys walking to a bar, that kind of stuff. Yeah. And he would talk about
 
 Lex Fridman: social issues.
 
 Joe Rogan: You know, he would talk about life. He would talk about language. He would talk about laws. And it was just he was the very first guy who did modern stand up. And what's fascinating is if you go and you try to watch it, If you try to watch Lenny Bruce today, it doesn't work because society has evolved like, in many ways, art is a window, especially, like, pop culture, art or modern, you know, at the time, culture art art that discusses culture is a window into that time period.
 
 It's a little bit of a time machine. So you get to, like, You have to put yourself, like, what was it like to be in nineteen sixty three? Mhmm. Like, what was he say in nineteen sixty three? What was his like to hear him say this?
 
 And
 
 Joe Rogan: the the
 
 Joe Rogan: civilization that existed in nineteen sixty three, although it looked pretty similar, they're all driving cars, and they're all wearing suits, and they're all they'll teams on them. That's a it's a different world. And The things that he was saying that are so taboo are so normal today. Yeah. That they're not shocking, and it's not Not
 
 Lex Fridman: that good. It's not that funny. Yeah. You have to do the same kind of stuff for like, there's D. H.
 
 Lawrence. There's a book called Lady, Shadow Lover.
 
 Lex Fridman: and I
 
 Lex Fridman: know it sounds ridiculous. But it was one of the early books I believe that the over a century ago that was very controversial for its sexual content. sort of one of the great books because it dared to actually talk about a woman cheating on her husband --
 
 Joe Rogan: Mhmm. --
 
 Lex Fridman: and, like, and do so in the highest form. And the same thing with gulag archipelago talking about so talking about some of the darkest aspects of human history, right when all of that stuff is forbidden -- Mhmm. -- when it's banned. because now it's like not, you know yes. We all know this history, but when in the middle of it, when you're risking your own life, when you're risking your book being banned or burned or you being in prison, that's what it matters.
 
 Like taking that risk, Yeah.
 
 Joe Rogan: And no one took that risk more than Lenny Bruce. Lenny Bruce has arrested many, many times. And ultimately, He wound up costing him his life. I mean, he died on the bathroom floor, shooting heroin, and trying to cope with all the lawsuits that he was going through. I mean, this guy was constantly being arrested and constantly going through lawsuits.
 
 And then is is comedy deteriorated horribly? There's some footage of him towards the end of his career, where he's essentially would go on stage with legal papers and read from the legal papers about his case. From then, it's Richard Pryor. from him, then the next great is Richard Prior. And he had the most profound impact on me when I was a kid.
 
 When I was fifteen years old, my parents took me to see live at the sunset strip, which is a Richard Price concert film. And I remember very distinctly being in an audience and laughing and looking around at all the people in the audience who were, like, falling out of their chairs just dying laughing, just swaying back and forth. And I was laughing hard too, and I was like, my god. This guy is doing this just by talking. I thought of all the great movies that I'd seen, that I loved, that were hilarious comedy movies, and I was like, nothing that I've ever seen is as funny as this.
 
 and all he's doing is talking. And that planted a seed in my head for my love of stand up comedy and my curiosity about the art form. And that's what got me interested in, you know, watching it on television and then ultimately going to open Mike Nipes and and then eventually doing it. I've actually been going
 
 Lex Fridman: to open mics a lot recently. Just listening. For psychological examinations for people. No. I I it's actually really inspiring to me to see people that, you know, some are funny, some are not
 
 Joe Rogan: so funny. unapologetically
 
 Lex Fridman: trying -- Yeah. -- putting it all out there. Night after night, like, eating shit. Yeah. My favorite is when you know, you're talking about, like, five people in the audience, and the the jokes are
 
 Lex Fridman: just not landing. and
 
 Lex Fridman: they still I don't know. It feels like even just empathetically, there's few things as difficult as that. It's hard. I I
 
 Lex Fridman: still remember last day.
 
 Joe Rogan: Many comics will say this, and I think Dan Cook was the first person. I heard say it publicly that if he ever had to go back and do it again, like from scratch, doesn't think he could do it, doesn't think he could endure the struggle of open mic to, you know, ultimately to success. And the numbers of people that try it and fail versus try and succeed are off the charts. I don't know if there's any other art form that has such a low rate of success.
 
 Lex Fridman: because
 
 Lex Fridman: it's psychology. It's torture. It is torture, and it's
 
 Joe Rogan: also not something you can learn. Like, here's the thing. Like, if you you play guitar -- Mhmm.
 
 Lex Fridman: you can
 
 Lex Fridman: learn
 
 Joe Rogan: to play guitar. Someone can teach you the chords. And if you do it and you could you could do all along the watch tower, you
 
 Lex Fridman: could play it. you
 
 Lex Fridman: can't
 
 Joe Rogan: teach someone how to do comedy. Do you think it's
 
 Joe Rogan: your funny or
 
 Lex Fridman: not? Or can
 
 Lex Fridman: you can you still
 
 Lex Fridman: figure it out Like, can you still
 
 Lex Fridman: learn? You can figure it out. Yeah. Can you can you can you start unfund
 
 Lex Fridman: can you start being unfunny -- Yeah. -- and become funny? Yes. It's possible. It's
 
 Joe Rogan: not easy though.
 
 Lex Fridman: you're gonna have to eat a lot of shit. You're gonna have to eat a lot of shit and you're gonna
 
 Joe Rogan: have to examine why you're not funny. And you're gonna have to spend a lot of time with uncomfortable thoughts. and try to figure out what it is. Like, what's missing? Like, you know, could could you edit your stuff and make it better?
 
 Maybe you need to do drugs. Maybe you need to get involved in psychedelic drugs and rethink the way you interface with reality itself. Maybe you need your heart broken. Maybe you need to be in love. Maybe there's a lot of babies there.
 
 Like, maybe you just need more life experience, but when I started commenting, I was twenty one and I was more on. I had no information. You know, I I I could do impressions of people and I could talk about sex. Yep. Those are the things that I was interested in back then.
 
 I I mean, if I was talking philosophically, I didn't have a I didn't have a philosophy. I didn't have a a a unique
 
 Lex Fridman: perspective on life. I hadn't experienced much. So every time you bomb, it forces you to introspect to to ask questions to yourself, and then that's how you actually develop philosophy.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Well, you
 
 Joe Rogan: actually believe -- You learn through doing. And I think you could say that about podcasting too. you know, I'm certainly way better at having conversations than I ever was when I first started doing comedy. Or excuse me, when
 
 Lex Fridman: I first started doing podcasts. you learn to stick with a kid because one day you'll be able to interview Donald Trump. You'd be mad enough to to handle that conversation. How hard is it to do? because I've been really curious that it's been on my bucket list because I'm terrified.
 
 I wanna do everything I'm terrified of. You guys just stand up? No. But I do wanna do, like, one five five minute, like, open mic. Why don't you do kill Tony?
 
 How hard is it to do five minutes would you say? It's hard. Well, it
 
 Lex Fridman: depends on,
 
 Joe Rogan: you know, how long you've been thinking about doing comedy. It depends on how you look at things. And also depends on your style of comedy. Like, the most difficult style of comedy is like, I think, like, Stephen Wright style is probably the most difficult style of comedy, complete non sequencers. one subject doesn't lead into the next.
 
 There's no flow to it. It's just I noticed this. I noticed that. And then there's this. And then there's that.
 
 and that that's hard to memorize and it's really hard to piece together an hour of non sequiters. But it's
 
 Lex Fridman: easier because you can rely on the joke. It it sits more with the joke. Like, whether you're funny or not is on the on on the actual material versus like, the timing and the the energy, the dance of the audience. Right? because, like, if you don't have the raw jokes, like, seeing a ride does or Mitch Hedberg, then you have to it's all about the delivery.
 
 Yeah. And, yeah,
 
 Joe Rogan: that they either kill or their bomb.
 
 Joe Rogan: Is it
 
 Lex Fridman: random? Like, whether they kill her bomb. Yeah. Well,
 
 Joe Rogan: in the
 
 Lex Fridman: beginning, I mean,
 
 Joe Rogan: you're essentially a different person every day of your life. You know, you're similar. but you're more tired, you're more rested, you're exhausted, you're refreshed, you have vitamins and food and nourishment in your system, You just get your heart broken, you haven't slept in days, you're a different person all the time. And you go on to that stage you're in the neighborhood of who Lex Friedman is. You're in the Lex Friedman neighborhood.
 
 Which Lex Friedman am I gonna get?
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. you know,
 
 Lex Fridman: energy levels. Yeah. It depends. It all depends. But, oh, the other thing with kill Tony is it's videotaped.
 
 It's Yes.
 
 Lex Fridman: So
 
 Lex Fridman: you eating shit is on there forever. Forever. The world can see
 
 Joe Rogan: it. But it's one of the most important shows in comedy. It's the most important show in comedy. because first of all, it establishes standup in in a sense that, like, for the open micers for the people that are starting it out, it establishes that the most important thing is to be funny. Like, this is what the art form is all about.
 
 And there's a lot of insecurity attached to that and a lot of fears. And so to alleviate some of those insecurities and fears, people will decide that the message is more important, and they'll pretend that, you know, like, you have to have, like, you you have to have you have to be socially aware that you have to promote things that are positive in your comedy, which is bullshit. They're all the people that say that, they're all bad. They're all bad at comedy. and that's where the insecurity is.
 
 It's like they can't just kill. So they have to pretend that
 
 Lex Fridman: they
 
 Joe Rogan: they're supposed to be socially aware, that being socially aware is an important part into the society. Like, let me explain something really clearly. It's not a fucking person on earth who's ever changed their life because of a joke.
 
 Lex Fridman: That's
 
 Joe Rogan: not what they're there for. They're there for jokes. The people that say that, they what they say that's socially important comedy is the only comedy that's necessary. the only comedy that you have to do. That is just because they suck.
 
 Yeah. That is it. It's like the cop out is that they can't do the real comedy. They can't crush. it's not like someone goes from being, you know, take a
 
 Lex Fridman: like Shane
 
 Joe Rogan: Gilles, one of the best comics up and coming right now. He's fucking fantastic. I can't recommend enough seeing that guy live. I work with him in Irvine, and I hadn't seen like his whole set. I was crying.
 
 I mean, he's so good. I heard he's so racist. So
 
 Lex Fridman: I haven't listened to
 
 Lex Fridman: any of
 
 Joe Rogan: his material. No. He's so good. and his comedy is just all just trying to be as funny as possible. Yeah.
 
 There's not a chance of hell that guy's just gonna go woke. and it's just gonna start promoting some sort of, you know, socially conscious agenda that's, you know, facetious and just a bunch of nonsense that he's trying to elevate his own personal brand and virtue signal. That's not gonna happen. the thing about kill Tony is in that because you only have one minute and because it's live and because you don't want Tony shitting on you, everybody else shitting on everybody's just gearing up to try to be as funny as possible. And no one cares if you are gay or straight or Asian or black or trans or non binary, nobody gives a fuck.
 
 Are you funny? If you're funny, you're in and everybody loves you. You could be eighty, you could be twenty. Nobody gives a shit. You could be a woman or a man or ambiguous.
 
 Nobody fucking cares. are you funny? And that's the most important thing for a community of comedy. To really promote comedy, just funny. Just be funny.
 
 And so in that sense, kill Tony is a real cornerstone of comedy. It's a reminder what comedy
 
 Lex Fridman: is supposed to be. Yeah. That said, even the funny like, the funniest stuff has underneath it, some wisdom -- Sure. -- out of it. But that's not the the primary goal.
 
 it. Yeah. I mean, if my
 
 Joe Rogan: Dylan is hiring in fun oh, Tim Dylan is a great example of that. Yeah. I mean, he's had some amazing insights in his comedy, but it's still It's all
 
 Lex Fridman: about It's fucking comedy. It's all about the funny. Yeah. It's all of the funny. He's
 
 Joe Rogan: got he's the best at doing that, especially in a podcast form. about weaving, like, really important points in with hilarious, you know, obviously just, you know,
 
 Joe Rogan: Just jokes.
 
 Joe Rogan: Let me ask you, speaking
 
 Lex Fridman: of Tim Dillon, a chaotic fucked up individual.
 
 Lex Fridman: We'll go to your
 
 Lex Fridman: childhood real quick. A
 
 Lex Fridman: brief stroll.
 
 Lex Fridman: So your mom and dad split up when you were five. from a from a young being perspective, if you look in your subconscious, what impact do you think that had on you? Informing who you are? as a man as a human being. Well, at that time, I
 
 Joe Rogan: thought that my father was like a hero. You know, he was my dad. I think every kid thinks like that about his dad. His dad is, like, your dad's your protector, your dad is, like, the coolest guy in the world. That's what you like.
 
 Joe Rogan: Yeah. Yeah. Everybody
 
 Joe Rogan: wants to be like their dad, especially if your dad is like an imposing figure. I remember
 
 Lex Fridman: one
 
 Joe Rogan: time me
 
 Joe Rogan: and my cousin got in a fight. over nothing. It was, like, over who's tougher king kong or godzilla? Yeah. Over nothing.
 
 That's an important but yeah. And he's, like, actual fight actual fight. Oh, I've punched him in the face. And this is
 
 Joe Rogan: when you
 
 Lex Fridman: were, like, five.
 
 Joe Rogan: Yeah. Yeah. And
 
 Lex Fridman: so Which side were you on? I think on. Okay. I was wrong. Godzilla's,
 
 Joe Rogan: like, way bigger. Yeah. Godzilla's five hundred feet tall and he shoots fire out of his mouth.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Yeah. Are you sure? I mean, there's there's an argument to be made. It's not all about size.
 
 Right? No. There's no
 
 Joe Rogan: argument to be made. five hundred feet tall versus fifty feet tall. One's a gigantic dinosaur. One is a a stupid monkey who gets shot down by a plane. You can't kill godzilla.
 
 godzilla. Like, no. Back. No. You can't kill godzilla with a plane.
 
 Lex Fridman: Like,
 
 Joe Rogan: That shit wouldn't work in Godzilla. Yeah. Kild King Kong. Alright. King Kong in the new movies kept growing.
 
 He's getting bigger and bigger. Yeah. Got to the
 
 Lex Fridman: point where he's as big as Godzilla. It just feels like King Kong is stronger.
 
 Lex Fridman: Stop. Back take,
 
 Lex Fridman: back take, immediate back take. You don't think that the backache is a different If he's the
 
 Joe Rogan: same size.
 
 Lex Fridman: Human weapons and two animals going at it of a different size. You don't think there's in the in the jungle a smaller animal could take on a bigger animal. Like, a monkey versus a let's see. A lion. Monkey versus a bear.
 
 What? Who wins?
 
 Joe Rogan: A monkey versus not
 
 Lex Fridman: a monkey here. Not a monkey. What's the strongest ape? Gorilla. Go no.
 
 But Gorilla's okay. Grella can't do back takes. I'm thinking of, like, a smaller you know what I'm saying? because In Gigis, do you see this all the time? Did you remember that seen in Talladega nights?
 
 Do
 
 Joe Rogan: you know Talladega, where
 
 Lex Fridman: the the little boys talking to
 
 Joe Rogan: his grandpa? I'll be all over. You like a spider monkey. Exactly. Spider monkey.
 
 Lex Fridman: I was thinking.
 
 Joe Rogan: Alright. There's some animals like here's a better example. A Wolverine. Wolverine's chase wolves and bears offer their kills.
 
 Lex Fridman: and they're
 
 Joe Rogan: not very big at all. They're just so ferocious. And they're so durable. Like, it's very hard to kill Wolverine. Yeah.
 
 And there's videos of, like,
 
 Lex Fridman: cats, like, not actual like domestic cats or or domestic dogs. starting shit with much larger animals. Yeah. And if they're ferocious enough. Well, pickles are a great example of
 
 Joe Rogan: that. Pipples are small, like real game bread pickles or, like, thirty five, forty five pounds, and they'll kill much larger dogs. Anyway,
 
 Lex Fridman: you are on on King Kong's side associate out of your cousin. I remember he said
 
 Joe Rogan: to me, like, I thought it was in, like, real trouble because I remember my cousin's mom was yelling at me and it was, like, you monster, all this crazy shit. So
 
 Joe Rogan: my dad
 
 Joe Rogan: got me alone and he said, tell me what happened. and I told him, you know, we got in a fight, we're arguing, or king Kong, Godzilla, and I punched him in the face. And he goes, did you cry? I go, no. He goes, good.
 
 Don't
 
 Joe Rogan: ever cry. And I
 
 Joe Rogan: remember that. Like, whoa. Okay. And I remember thinking, alright, I'm just gonna start punching people.
 
 Lex Fridman: Because, like, obviously,
 
 Joe Rogan: my dad thinks it's a good idea if I go running around punching people as long as I
 
 Lex Fridman: don't cry. Like,
 
 Joe Rogan: I remember certain things about you know. And also, like, this is a again, like, we're talking about watching Lenny Bruce in getting a a timeline of what the world was like back then. This is a different world. Yeah. You know, in in nineteen seventy this would have been nineteen seventy two.
 
 It's a different world back that man. Like, a a really different world is some of that. So I'll call Young, talk about the shadow. It's the unconscious. where
 
 Lex Fridman: you have dark stuff and oftentimes you project this stuff that you're very self critical about yourself, but because it's in your unconscious. You use it to project onto others. You see it as flaws and others. And that's a good way to, like, whatever. it gets a a quote, like, everything that irritates us about others can lead us to an understanding of ourselves.
 
 Mhmm. So that's that's a nice way to investigate yourself, like something that pisses you off. You start asking questions if you don't mind, and that's how you bring it to the surface. But anyway, from that, those are formative years from that time? Is there still stuff in your unconscious you think you have an examined, some dog shit?
 
 Joe Rogan: I don't think so. I don't. I'm not aware if it is because I've looked. You know? Like, if someone get you know, someone says, you know, I I I left something over your house.
 
 Like, where'd you leave it? I don't know. Like, I'll go look. Yeah. I'll get a get a real thorough look, but
 
 Lex Fridman: I'm pretty sure.
 
 Joe Rogan: pretty sure it's not there. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I think I've looked.
 
 I mean, it certainly had an effect. I think the positive effect also was compounded by the fact that when my mother married my step dad, who's a great guy, who was a hippie, very different. We moved around a lot. And so the bad thing about that was I didn't really develop long term friends. The good thing about that was that I was forced to develop my own opinions about things.
 
 instead of adopting an opinion of the neighborhood in the group about anything, I was forced to form my own thoughts and opinions about almost everything. And so it made me much more of an independent thinker. So that on top of the fact that
 
 Lex Fridman: you know,
 
 Joe Rogan: losing, you know, my quote unquote hero very early on and then having to form my own opinions about things. It left me with a very a very independent streak, you know, in terms of and and if I hadn't done the things that I got interested in, martial arts and then and then comedy. If I hadn't gotten interested in those things, I would have been fucked because I was just too independent for normal jobs. I was too independent for school. I just didn't wanna listen to people.
 
 I was too feral. I just didn't want to didn't want to sit still. If I was with the wrong parents, especially today, I most certainly would have been medicated. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: There's so many possible trajectories
 
 Lex Fridman: you can imagine where you would have not been the person you are today.
 
 Joe Rogan: Oh, yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: This is probably one of the best possible today. You're living this unit this this particular story line you're living through is was one of the better ones. This timeline is as good
 
 Joe Rogan: as it gets for some money. Is
 
 Lex Fridman: there advice you can give to people to young to young kids that are living through a shitty situation of any sort, a tough life. Find
 
 Joe Rogan: a thing you like. Try to find a thing that you really enjoy. Try to find a thing that you're passionate about, like inactivity. Yes. For me, early on, it was drawing.
 
 It was illustrations. It was comic books. I wanted to
 
 Joe Rogan: be a
 
 Joe Rogan: comic book illustrator. And then it went from comic book drawing and illustrations to martial arts. So but it was just another thing that I was
 
 Joe Rogan: very, very passionate about.
 
 Joe Rogan: And that was my vehicle out of my dilemma. That was my vehicle out of my my own anxiety and trauma and my own issues and insecurities and
 
 Joe Rogan: find something.
 
 Lex Fridman: Find
 
 Joe Rogan: a thing that you genuinely enjoy because getting good at things you genuinely enjoy is extremely beneficial for young people. Because it lets you know that Like, everybody thinks they're a loser. Every young person thinks they're a loser. At least at a young person in the situation I was at. I I didn't know I wasn't a loser until I started winning, till I started doing martial arts.
 
 martial arts taught me that, like, I could get better at stuff, that it wasn't I wasn't really a loser. I just was someone who was like in a fucked up situation, but you could channel all that energy that you have as a young person into something and get better at it. And then all of sudden people admired me. I was like, this is crazy. So I went from being someone who was incredibly insecure and basically a failure to someone who was really successful at this one thing that was very dangerous that other people were scared of.
 
 and that gave me immense confidence and also a real understanding of the direct correlation between hard work and success. and kind
 
 Lex Fridman: of understanding that you're not a loser -- Right. -- that there is some diamond in the roof. Yeah. And also an understanding that you can't listen
 
 Joe Rogan: to people. because even my parents didn't want me to do martial arts. They didn't want me to fight. They didn't want me to just stand up. There's, like, you you have to understand, like, who you are and then in the face of other people's either criticism
 
 Lex Fridman: or,
 
 Joe Rogan: you know, lack of faith in your ability to succeed, you push through and there's great benefit in that. and then you realize that that you can kinda apply that to other things in life. You can apply that to critics. You can apply that to social media commentators. You can apply that to a lot of things.
 
 Okay. What about young
 
 Lex Fridman: people in their fifties? Yeah. Can you give advice to like
 
 Joe Rogan: imagine
 
 Lex Fridman: you're sitting you're sitting back probably still here in Texas in your nineties looking back. What advice would that guy give to you today? Or,
 
 Joe Rogan: like, people you know, people that have
 
 Lex Fridman: done some shit in their fifties. You've gone through a hell of a life. There's potentially some incentive to settle down. You got a great family to relax.
 
 Joe Rogan: but
 
 Lex Fridman: maybe there's some incentive to still do epic shit. There'll still be David Goggins running in the middle of the desert, some eating shit into a camera. If
 
 Joe Rogan: you're David Goggins, you have to be David Goggins. I don't think there's a path for that guy that exists at this stage of his life other than that. Do you think he'll be seventy and still screaming? Yes. Okay.
 
 A hundred percent. A hundred percent. If if David and I are alive, we're both we're both seventy. He's gonna call me, obviously,
 
 Lex Fridman: Stay hard motherfucker. Guaranteed.
 
 Joe Rogan: Guaranteed. Guaranteed.
 
 Joe Rogan: So lean into whatever the
 
 Lex Fridman: fuck you are at this point. Well, if
 
 Joe Rogan: you're enjoying it, if you're not enjoying it, rethink your life. Try to figure out why you're why you're not enjoying it. You still think it's possible to shift things in your fifties. Yeah. If you're alive, you can get better.
 
 No matter what. Yeah. No matter what. If you're alive,
 
 Lex Fridman: you can shift things. I mean,
 
 Joe Rogan: if you're ninety years old and, you know, you have a month to live, you can apologize for the things you think you did wrong, and maybe sort of reconcile and and shape relationships that you have with the people that around you better so that they they feel differently about you after you're gone. Yeah. I I always love people
 
 Lex Fridman: in in
 
 Lex Fridman: their seventies who are like like getting back into dating or stuff like that. Yeah. I
 
 Joe Rogan: was watching a video about a woman who's in her sixties to just
 
 Lex Fridman: start powerlifting. Nice.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. And same with EJitsu, you see people getting to EJitsu. Mhmm. Black.
 
 Lex Fridman: Oh, white
 
 Lex Fridman: belt. A white belt that's like seventy. Yeah. Yeah.
 
 Joe Rogan: Yeah. Yeah. There's a lot of if you're alive, you can get better at stuff. and I don't think people are happy if they don't have puzzles and complex tasks and things that are interesting to them, whether it's an art project or whether it's learning something completely new like stand up comedy. Like, doing things that are difficult
 
 Lex Fridman: is
 
 Joe Rogan: it's as much of a nourishment of the mind as food is a nourishment of the body. I think you need things that that are puzzling to you where you have to find your own human potential in the difficulty of the task and and work your way through things. At least for me, for me I mean, I can only speak for me because I'm the only that I'm the only life that I've ever lived that I'm aware of. And in my life, that has been one hundred percent constant. I I am a very happy person and I have never had a moment where I'm not doing difficult shit.
 
 Yeah. Ever. What
 
 Lex Fridman: matters most is how well
 
 Lex Fridman: you walk through the fires. You just keep starting fires for yourself to walk
 
 Lex Fridman: through. Well, they
 
 Joe Rogan: they don't necessarily have to be fires. Right? Because fires are, like, kinda out of control.
 
 Lex Fridman: Lucoram tasks. the surfaces, tasks. Give yourself
 
 Joe Rogan: something an arduous difficult task where you're challenged. challenged mentally and challenged physically. One of the great things about being challenged physically is it's also mental. The people that don't understand that have never really been challenged physically. people that think that physical challenges are just, like, just physical.
 
 It's just brute grunt work It's not. It it's emotional intelligence. It's understanding your desire to quit and, you know, conquering your inner bitch. All that stuff is it's mental. It's playing out inside your head.
 
 And there's a mental strength that you acquire from that, that you can apply to intellectual pursuits. And the the people that don't think that or the people that haven't attempted them. And there's an error against the people that only pursue intellectual exercises. Only pursue intellectual things. And don't pursue anything physical.
 
 That the physical stuff is based. It's grunt work. It's primal. it's not necessary. I don't think that's accurate.
 
 I don't think that they're I mean, obviously, these people like Stephen Hawking, who have no opportunity to do anything physical. Right? His
 
 Lex Fridman: physical dilemma
 
 Joe Rogan: is keeping us or was keeping us heart beating. But for most people, I think you can really benefit from physical struggle, and you benefit from it in a mental way. And I think that is overlooked. that's unfortunately overlooked by academics and intellectuals who they make excuses for why they're fat and lazy or scrawny. what what
 
 Lex Fridman: they don't need to be it's it's not even about
 
 Lex Fridman: the fat
 
 Lex Fridman: or or all that. It's it's like literally there's something about the physical challenge that's really good for you, especially if you're academic, especially if you do intellectual type style. There's this great roboticist at MIT, Rust Hedrick. He runs barefoot, to and from MIT every day. I love
 
 Joe Rogan: it. Like seven seven to ten miles each way.
 
 Lex Fridman: Fairfoot. Fairfoot.
 
 Joe Rogan: Well, he's
 
 Lex Fridman: he's studies legged, low emotional legged robots. Yeah. And for him, it's also interesting how the human body moves. He sees the beauty
 
 Lex Fridman: in all of in
 
 Lex Fridman: all movement. What do it
 
 Joe Rogan: feet look like. You know,
 
 Lex Fridman: callist destroyed. Right? No. Just callist. They're nice.
 
 They're they're they they're They have a nice It's not like I gave them a foot massage. But but, I mean, they they look and I don't have a foot fetish, so I don't I I'm not able to correctly invest evaluate another man's feet. I apologize for this, but they they don't look fucked up. Does he run
 
 Joe Rogan: on concrete? Yeah. He runs all surfaces. and he does everything completely barefoot, the the running part
 
 Lex Fridman: at work. So one of the things he has to do is fit it to society, which means he has to change clothes and appear normal. Right. So does he wear,
 
 Joe Rogan: like, zero shoes? You know, those No. He's not. put type shoes.
 
 Lex Fridman: No. Because that's, like, very happy, wonky type of thing. Uh-huh. No. Like, he doesn't his barefoot when he's running, and then he wears, like, normal looking stuff like dress shoes.
 
 He worked him his
 
 Joe Rogan: way up to running barefoot. So
 
 Joe Rogan: he was
 
 Lex Fridman: significantly overweight. and his adviser, this this this other famous person at MIT, who was a roboticist, took his own life. and that made him that made us face his own mortality, I think. I mean, the you you start to ask big questions about your well-being. Like, holy shit that's reconciled at any moment.
 
 Yeah. And so he started taking his sort of physical well-being seriously. But as a result of that, not that he become like shredded, but he's also discovered the intellectual value the humbling value of physical exercise. Mhmm. So he's not he's not preachy about it all.
 
 I
 
 Lex Fridman: don't think
 
 Lex Fridman: I actually rarely hear him advise it to anyone. He just does it as a as a almost like meditation or or something like that. It's it's definitely a form of meditation and you
 
 Joe Rogan: can attest that. Right? You're doing quite a bit of running. There's a a thing about a you kinda almost like a mantra gets formed and you you get into it. No.
 
 It's great here in the
 
 Lex Fridman: Austin heat, hundred degree weather. Mhmm. That that tests you. You know what
 
 Joe Rogan: I love to do outside? Bull sleds. That's my thing. Oh, the pole
 
 Lex Fridman: sleds
 
 Joe Rogan: outside in the heap. Yeah. I did it today. Yeah. I love it.
 
 Lex Fridman: So you're also your wife is incredible. You're in a relationship. What and you're married. You have a great family. What advice would you give to me until there's like me?
 
 who dumb, fuck, and and I have not found David. Well, you're a great guy. So this definitely
 
 Joe Rogan: doesn't necessarily apply to you. but be someone who someone would wanna be in a relationship with. There's a lot of people out there that want a great partner. They want someone in a relationship, but
 
 Lex Fridman: why would
 
 Joe Rogan: someone wanna be in a relationship with you? You know, maybe you you bicker a lot, maybe you're jealous, maybe you maybe you lie, maybe you you know, maybe you're cruel, maybe you don't have a sense of humor, maybe you're, you know, you're not kind. Like, what is what is it about you that people would not enjoy being around or that people avoid? Fix that. Was
 
 Lex Fridman: it This this applies to me as well. Like, you you you said something with campaigns. One of the things you admire is that the discipline takes to sort of juggle so many things and just successfully. I'm not sure I'm very good at that. So juggling all this hard work
 
 Joe Rogan: and then also relates Also,
 
 Lex Fridman: relationship, also family, all these kinds of priorities. I mean, that requires having your shit together. It does. It's a different thing. But it's also you gotta find
 
 Joe Rogan: the right person. there's a lot of people who sell for they settle for sexy. They settle
 
 Lex Fridman: for hot.
 
 Joe Rogan: Okay. They settle for the wrong person. Like, you can get hot and nice. they're out there. Yeah.
 
 But don't
 
 Lex Fridman: get hot
 
 Joe Rogan: and mean. Hot and mean is not fun. Then you get Amber Heard. Yeah. You know?
 
 And then you're and you
 
 Lex Fridman: get hot and dry. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
 
 Joe Rogan: you can be deceived by perfect symmetry. See, you don't think it's a good idea to record your partner.
 
 Lex Fridman: I think you should record all conversations.
 
 Joe Rogan: That's the CIA is doing it no matter what. I assume that every conversation I have is recorded because I'm pretty sure it is. Even
 
 Lex Fridman: when we had
 
 Lex Fridman: dinner with Alex Jones, he was recording, Yeah. I still remember that.
 
 Lex Fridman: But I didn't know to know that was a recording.
 
 Joe Rogan: He might you know what? Be funny
 
 Lex Fridman: if he is this yay. Please go big. Good week. That'd be the ultimate goal. My advice about relationships is be somebody
 
 Joe Rogan: and then also, like,
 
 Joe Rogan: find
 
 Joe Rogan: someone who you can grow with. Right? You don't wanna be with someone who doesn't share your your value. Someone You don't wanna be with someone who makes excuses. You don't wanna be with someone who's lazy or who's spiteful.
 
 You wanna be with someone who's, like, genuinely kind That's one of the things that I really love about my wife, and she's very smart, and she works hard. She's like, she's a dedicated disciplined person. which is also really nice. That's why one of the things I like the most bother. She's so nice.
 
 She's always smiling.
 
 Lex Fridman: And that energy is great. Yeah. I
 
 Lex Fridman: mean, you've seen us together. Yeah. You've
 
 Joe Rogan: hung around with us. She's fun.
 
 Joe Rogan: Yeah. She's a
 
 Joe Rogan: lot of fun.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. She makes you just feel great
 
 Lex Fridman: to be a lot. It's just that people like that around you. She's happy. She's a happy
 
 Joe Rogan: person. She's happy to be around. That's the kind of people that you could have in your life as friends and as coworkers and as lovers and wives and husbands. You can find those people. They're real.
 
 And when you find those people, your life is better. Like, to have a good tribe is very important. have a good tribe of people, you know. And I think if there's anything that I'm very, very fortunate about, it's the the people that I'm around I have very good friends and one of which is you. It's so valuable to have quality people around you because it makes you wanna do better because you admire the hard work that these put people put in like like campaigns or goggins or many of my friends.
 
 and people that are generous and people that are curious and people that are honest, they inspire you to do the same. and it's extremely valuable. It's one of the most most valuable things is to surround yourself with positive healthy, friendly, generous people. That's why I cut out, Tim Dillard, for my life. I woke up with him, Eastern Standard Time.
 
 married?
 
 Lex Fridman: No. It's over. It's none of those things. The toxicity is nonstop. The nonstop conspiracy theories.
 
 The nonstop mocking of of my Eastern European origins. It's just not healthy for me. Plus, he's physically abusive and towering figure of both emotions. Boy. Physically.
 
 No. I love him. Okay. He worked out. He would be a house.
 
 Lex Fridman: It's got a large
 
 Joe Rogan: frame, you know? So if
 
 Lex Fridman: I interview Putin, what should I ask him?
 
 Joe Rogan: How's the cancer? How's it doing, buddy?
 
 Lex Fridman: That's question number one in Russian. Do
 
 Joe Rogan: you think he
 
 Lex Fridman: has cancer? I don't think so. That
 
 Joe Rogan: the narrative is terrifying. Right? dictator of the largest nuclear arsenal in the world who also has cancer and he just invaded a sovereign country. That's a terrifying narrative because that's what we're all afraid of. Someone knows nothing
 
 Lex Fridman: to lose who just decides to let loose a new. Well, I do think maybe it's projecting, but if I had cancer or if you think about leaders that have cancer you're facing your immortality, I would think he'll be more focused on his legacy, and the dropping nuclear bomb is not good for legacy. I I I do believe he wants to be remembered as a great leader as a lot of leaders do -- Mhmm. -- as a lot of even dictators do. And I think he wants to figure out a way to pull out a win.
 
 So he he can say that the the whatever this thing was, whatever this invasion was, was good for Russia. It was good for the nation. He ultimately made it a greater nation than it was before. And perhaps you could justify an escalation of war to
 
 Joe Rogan: be that. But I don't and it's just
 
 Lex Fridman: the cancer thing concerns me so much because it's been so often part of this propaganda has been told about Putin that he's sick. Right. I don't know why. It's it's it's always people kinda wonder that a lot about, especially dictators. But you had that even, like, with Hillary Clinton, obviously, with Biden.
 
 that narrative is stickier. So for some people -- Well, stick that. -- narrative is transparent, yet obvious. But
 
 Joe Rogan: the degree of
 
 Lex Fridman: is a question with Biden as it does with with with everyone. Like, what's you know, how healthy is this leader? That's a -- Right. -- and people -- Sure. -- always.
 
 They were doing that about
 
 Joe Rogan: Trump too. The thing about Putin though is, like, his appearance is altered where he looks very bloated. His body doesn't look much bigger, but his face looks like puffy and swollen. I had a friend who had sarcoidosis.
 
 Lex Fridman: and they
 
 Joe Rogan: prescribed prednisone, which is a type of a steroid. And one of the things that would happen when he was on it is he he would his face would get really big. It was, like, he would blow up, like, a swell up, maintain a lot of water and and inflammation. And that's what it looks like when I'm looking at flu. So actually, like, if you're sitting with him,
 
 Lex Fridman: one question is about health. That's has has has has Biden been asked that kind of question. No. Like, without mockery with You don't have to go
 
 Joe Rogan: on Fox News. Like, the mainstream media treats him with kid gloves in a way that I've never seen I mean, it's it's so obvious or something horribly wrong with this cognitive function. Well, I I to push back, I don't know
 
 Lex Fridman: if it's horribly wrong. You don't think it's probably wrong? I think it's no. I think there's uncertainty to which degree is wrong. I I would love to to be a serious, like, conversation about -- Yeah.
 
 -- with him. In fact, I I actually have to now look because, of course, Fox News will mock his, like, declining -- Yes. -- mental health. And then I would love, like, sort of an objective discussion. Are you aware of this?
 
 Are you like, what are you putting in place? Are you yourself? because if I was a a person with the declining mental abilities, like, you'd have to start
 
 Lex Fridman: Yes. I start thinking about that
 
 Lex Fridman: kind of stuff. Like, who is around you? Who are the advisors? What if you start stop being able to see the world clearly. Yeah.
 
 Yes. I would be transparent about that kind of stuff. Well, you would be, but
 
 Joe Rogan: you also would never be a politician -- Yeah. -- because you're too fucking honest. Well,
 
 Lex Fridman: yeah. But, actually, from a conversation perspective, it would be nice if that kind of discussion was had. It would be. But
 
 Joe Rogan: all jokes aside, with Putin, I would ask questions about
 
 Joe Rogan: democracy versus
 
 Joe Rogan: what they have. I mean, without without any disparaging descriptions of what is
 
 Lex Fridman: going on, over
 
 Joe Rogan: in Russia. It's clearly not a democracy. It's
 
 Joe Rogan: they
 
 Joe Rogan: I mean, the way he has it set up, the elections are a joke. He's so
 
 Lex Fridman: he would push back this, not clearly, not democracy. He is still very popular. So majority of people are huge supporters of Putin inside Russia. The people that push back against that would say that that's because any serious opposition is pushed out of the country. Yeah.
 
 So in his position, murdered. Yeah. So but, yes, that's a really, really good question. The
 
 Joe Rogan: the value of dictatorships. One of the things about the United States that's fascinating to me is that every four years unless it's it's four to eight years. Right? Someone does two terms. But every four years, there's an opportunity for someone to be new and completely inexperienced at the most difficult job
 
 Joe Rogan: in the world,
 
 Lex Fridman: which is ridiculous. So the the interesting
 
 Lex Fridman: thing is it actually
 
 Lex Fridman: makes sense after eight years, you gain the wisdom. Yeah. You would actually be a pretty good leader to keep going. Yeah. But there is some problem where you the communists start getting to your head.
 
 Yeah. And so, like, from Putin's perspective, I think he genuinely wants the best for Russia. I don't think he's lost his mind. in terms of, like, it's all about green and so on. Same as Stalin.
 
 I think Stalin until the end of his days wanted the best for the Soviet Union. So it's not like you become I the Hitler, I think lost his mind during the war. Like, where it was like he wasn't seen clearly at all. What Putin believes is that he is actually the best person to bring out the best first country. Now the problem is maybe refreshing the leader is, in fact, in the long term, the best thing versus every leader believes they know what's best for the country.
 
 Their point is to keep refreshing it. Well, and
 
 Joe Rogan: that's
 
 Lex Fridman: the case for democracy. That's the case for the system we have that creates natural, maybe emergent, balance of power. I think it
 
 Joe Rogan: makes it evident that there is no clear cut real right way to do it. And that if you have the perfect person in, having them for twelve, twenty years would be amazing. If you had a perfect benevolent leader who clearly only cared about the people and was doing their best and striving hard and got great satisfaction in knowing that he is a dedicated civil servant that only wants to lead the country in a way that's gonna benefit the most people in the most profound way. But we
 
 Joe Rogan: have a dirty political
 
 Joe Rogan: system that's completely corrupted by money, completely corrupted by influence, The fact that, you know, the lobbyists I mean, there's an area outside of Washington DC. It's one of the richest areas in the country, and it's where the lobbyists live. There's so much money involved being a lobbyist. There's so much money involved in special interest groups and how much of an impact they have on who gets elected and what decisions get made once that person gets elected. We know this.
 
 Right? We know it's not for the people, by the people. It's just not what it is. I mean, this country is an experiment, self
 
 Joe Rogan: government, and if we
 
 Joe Rogan: could do it all over again, I would say the most important thing is to have laws in place to keep money out of politics. and
 
 Lex Fridman: to
 
 Joe Rogan: make it a a heinous crime for someone to influence laws and and
 
 Lex Fridman: policy based
 
 Joe Rogan: entirely on the amount of profit it could generate for a a party or for a company that is investing in a candidate. That's fucking incredibly dangerous and it's corrupt. and that corruption has been accepted. We've just accepted that it's this corruption exists. You know?
 
 Lex Fridman: Last question, if Putin asks to see this watch, what do I tell him? What would you give it? Would would should I let him see it? because we know what
 
 Joe Rogan: happens with the Super Bowl ring. I think a super bowl ring is unique. He could buy a watch like that -- Yeah. -- pretty easy, you know. But this
 
 Lex Fridman: particular isn't that a power move
 
 Joe Rogan: Yeah. This is
 
 Lex Fridman: a watch he gave me. Yes. This is a story. Yes. I would probably share it with him.
 
 Joe Rogan: the story. And then maybe you go,
 
 Joe Rogan: look, can I see this watch? Yeah. And then he puts it on his Thank you. Did you say no? You go like this.
 
 Yeah. There it is, bro. Bro. No.
 
 Lex Fridman: It takes so many
 
 Joe Rogan: words. I went out
 
 Lex Fridman: to find translation. Buddy, bro. I guess, bro's brother. I mean, if
 
 Joe Rogan: he takes your watch, I'll buy you another one. If Clint steals it. Keep him going.
 
 Lex Fridman: I just
 
 Joe Rogan: I'll just give you the same exact watch. Well, first of all, thank you for this. My pleasure, bro. I really wanted
 
 Lex Fridman: to talk to you because in in a couple of days leading to Ukraine and Russia. And I hope I'll be back in one piece and drink whiskey with you once again and Yeah. I hope so too.
 
 Joe Rogan: I'm nervous about you going over there. You know, I know journalists have been killed now. It's but they don't know jujitsu. No. I I
 
 Lex Fridman: I think
 
 Lex Fridman: you'll be you'll be okay. And I think there's certain things you do in life that kinda your heart pulls towards that so so much What's your objective over there?
 
 Joe Rogan: I'm not somebody who
 
 Lex Fridman: thinks about objectives clearly. It's just something about me says I need to go there. But the to put in loose words
 
 Joe Rogan: is to to try to understand
 
 Lex Fridman: what that world is now. So I remember what it was years ago when I was there. I I know my family. I know the generations of family that was there on that land in Ukraine and in Russia. And the soul of the people, the love that's there, the beauty of the culture.
 
 And I wanna see what it is today and what this war has created both the anger and the love and the people and just hear them out and just talk to them. No recordings, none of that. Maybe a little here and there, but mostly just for me. And just to see. I don't know.
 
 This sometimes it's just it something pulls you to to a place. And I also because I'm able to speak Russian and some Ukrainian. I I do want to try to have these a couple of the political leaders involved talk to them. And I have all the right connections. Everybody has said yes.
 
 Of course, you don't know the likelihood it finally happens, but I wanna at least have that possibility there. Sometimes you have to go to a place to really understand it. You can't just read about it. You can't just talk to the people that are living there. you have to be there.
 
 And I've never been in war zone. I've never been in in a land that's been damaged and wiped by the weapons of war. And I just want to feel that because so much of that land is I remember, you know, I remember when everything was flourishing.
 
 Joe Rogan: Yes, corruption and all those kinds
 
 Lex Fridman: of things, but people were there and the culture was flourishing and people were happy. There was lots of struggle, but they were happy. and now people are extremely angry. There's hate in the air on all sides. I wanna I wanna see that.
 
 I wanna understand. Sometimes it just pulls you and you have to go. So it doesn't make any sense, perhaps, but you just gotta do it. What's the timeline of when how long? Not one way.
 
 I don't I don't plan. Wow. Yeah. So hope hoping back in in
 
 Joe Rogan: a month But also not
 
 Lex Fridman: just to clarify, I'm not somebody who seeks risk. And
 
 Lex Fridman: Like, you're somebody who seems to
 
 Lex Fridman: be terrified of bears and sharks, so you don't Like, so why go swim out?
 
 Lex Fridman: Why go
 
 Lex Fridman: surfing? Why go swim out? Why go surfing? Why go swim out in the ocean? Yeah.
 
 I'm somebody that's the same probably with sharks too. I'm not taking unnecessary risk, but certain things that just mean a lot to you take the risk. And so a little bit of risk
 
 Joe Rogan: willing to
 
 Lex Fridman: take to to discover something about myself, honestly. It's probably what it what it all all boils down to. I don't understand myself because so much of my me is from that place. Well, this is the beautiful thing about America. Is it's like, stitches together all these different cultures.
 
 Everybody came from somewhere else. Yeah. And you tried to understand in order for me to be a good American. I need to understand who I was, where I came from. And
 
 Lex Fridman: that's nothing reveals
 
 Lex Fridman: the spirit of a people better than war.
 
 Lex Fridman: It's like
 
 Lex Fridman: there's something about this conflict that's really cuts all the bullshit. This is who
 
 Lex Fridman: we are.
 
 Lex Fridman: This is who we are as a people. So I wanna I wanna see it. don't understand. And I I like I said, wanna come back. Jake's
 
 Lex Fridman: a whiskey
 
 Lex Fridman: with you. Alright. Well, I hope
 
 Joe Rogan: that happens. and really do. And and I hope you're safe over there, and I hope you come back with whatever insight you're you're
 
 Joe Rogan: trying to
 
 Joe Rogan: achieve. Thank you for doing
 
 Lex Fridman: this conversation. My pleasure. Thank you
 
 Joe Rogan: for everything you you've done for me, for the support, for the love,
 
 Lex Fridman: and everybody around you. Thank you for everything you're doing, for everybody around you, for for giving for giving for giving back, but for just giving him being kind to everybody. I love you brother. I
 
 Joe Rogan: love you too. Thank
 
 Joe Rogan: you. Thanks for listening
 
 Lex Fridman: to this conversation with Joe Rogen. To support this podcast, please check out our sponsors in the description. And now let me leave you with one of Joe's and one of my favorite quotes from Myanmar to Masashi. Once you know the way broadly, you'll see it in everything. Thank you for listening and hope to see you next time.