
 Magatte Wade: you have to have the free markets in order to build prosperity and prosperity means power. If you have power, no one messes with you. Or if they're gonna do it, They're gonna have to think twice. And when they do, gonna have to pay consequences.
 
 Lex Fridman: The following is a conversation with Mag, an entrepreneur who's passionate about creating positive change in Africa through economic and empowerment. This is electro frequent podcast to support it, Please check out our sponsors in the description. And now, dear friends, here's My god, wait. You were born in Senegal. Mh.
 
 You have lived and traveled across the world. So let me ask you. What is the soul of Senegal? Like, it's people. It's culture, it's history.
 
 Can you can you try to sneak up on telling us what is the spirit of
 
 Magatte Wade: its people? To. Tar, it's a water word, Is a main indigenous language of Senegal, and it means hospitality. That is what the people of senegal are known for. And it trans in everything that we do.
 
 Everything we say, it's a place where I guess with hospitality goes this concept of warmth. So we are very we are a very warm people. So nutshell about us, that's that's that's the place where you come, and everybody will just invoice you, make you feel very comfortable make you look like feel like you're the only person in the world and that we've been waiting for you a whole life. Right? So so that's my country.
 
 Lex Fridman: So that's for people in Senegal people in Africa or also people across the world, weird strangers from all walks of life so hospitality told everyone.
 
 Magatte Wade: For everyone for everyone, especially towards foreigner. Because it's very it's very ingrained in us misunderstanding that especially the foreigner. The foreigner is called for because of foreigners is coming from somewhere else, So someone has taken the time and the energy whether in a forced manner or because it's a choice to travel so far to come. To have place that's not theirs to start way fast by foreigners again. Then it is your duty to welcome them to be Uber welcome welcoming to that.
 
 Lex Fridman: So there's not a fear of the foreigner. There's not a suspicion of the foreigner. No.
 
 Magatte Wade: No. No. And I think this goes with the other way around. Maybe it has to do with... Just...
 
 You know, when you feel good about yourself when you're very grounded yourself, it's very easy to open yourself to others. And I'm wondering if that's not, you know, the other side of the equation in a way. So no. We don't have a fear towards a foreigner. Like...
 
 So when
 
 Lex Fridman: you have a pride of your culture pride of your own people, like... It's easier to sort of. I mean, it's interesting how these kind of cultures emerge because, you know, the the slavic countries are sometimes colder.
 
 Magatte Wade: Mh.
 
 Lex Fridman: They're they're slower to trust others. Mh. We're now here in Austin, Texas. It's one of the reasons i found love with this place when I showed up is there's that same hospitality. As compared to other cities have lived in Sort of Boston Philadelphia, San Francisco.
 
 There's there's a hesitation to open up to be fragile to to be caring before understanding what the sort of what I can gain from you kind of calculation. It's really interesting. And I I wonder what how those kinds of dynamics emerge because there's certainly parts of the world. Mh. Like, Austin is one of them where you just feel the kindness.
 
 Just radiate without knowing. Mh kindness from strangers. Mh.
 
 Magatte Wade: You know, if I were to advance one thing and I had the same experience after having lived in South Francisco first. Then we went to New York, then we came to us. And when we came to us then I felt it took me a while to put my finger on it. But what I found in Austin, people just hang. People right?
 
 They're real. Yeah. They're real. Yeah. Unlike what you were saying?
 
 I feel like in these other places, People are... It's a destination for people who wanna come and perform. I think maybe the early San french Francisco people, it was different for them. But later, as prosperity starts to come in and success comes in, then you attract a different breed. Yeah.
 
 At first aware people who made it, who made this place be what it is. And then it attracts all the bling followers and the bring attractive people. And when those people show up, it's time for all of us to get out. And that's one of my worries about Austin too and I guess I one of I count myself in it, but, you know, because we also new arrive, always been furious now. But how are we gonna protect this place?
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Yeah. These, you know, the best possible version of the Austin history. This is the early days of Silicon Valley in Austin. And so you get a chance to build on top of this culture that's already been here of the weirdo, the artists, the the sort of the characters, but also the the the general kindness and love that just perm the whole place build on top of
 
 Magatte Wade: that.
 
 Lex Fridman: Entrepreneurial spirit. So, like, tech companies, new startups, all that kind of stuff. Mh. And then you get a chance to build totally new ideas, totally revolutionary ideas and make them a reality and dream big and build it here. I think Elon represents that with the the all the all the people that kind of try to
 
 Magatte Wade: Mh
 
 Lex Fridman: do the cutting edge stuff they're doing at at tesla's lens spacex. But there's a bunch of other companies they're just, like, coming up, I get to talk to a bunch of tech people and they're just course incredible versus San Francisco, there's a there's a cy a bit and also some of the interaction with strangers. There's always a bit of a calculation like how good is this going to be for my career?
 
 Magatte Wade: How gonna... Yeah. How can hang out with this person could advance me. You know, you go to a party you're seizing this not up. It's like I'm not talk to someone because that's not gonna advance me.
 
 Who an advance to me next? And so this is what I would not wanna see here in Austin. And I think maybe there's one way to try to... I really would like to see Austin not go away so Francisco did. And other towns
 
 Lex Fridman: before, Michael you pronounce San francisco with the french accent.
 
 Magatte Wade: Francisco.
 
 Lex Fridman: It's great. Like that that's the one word you go with the french jackson. You saw beautiful. That's francisco.
 
 Magatte Wade: Cisco. But you know... So so now that you find med cute, you're gonna have to forgive me when I mess up my English because I think this is not my first language. So I always try to make sure people know that. But you know next, this is why I am very interested in what some folks here are working on, and I'm just gonna be very self here because I wanna help her with what she's doing.
 
 It's someone like, you know, nickel nicole Note zach. And her project,
 
 Magatte Wade: you know, with the housing project that they have right now, making sure that Austin remains a town. That's affordable for people of all box of lives. If we can accomplish making sure that all walks of life, doesn't matter how little alone big, you're making many wise that you can stay in this town so diversity at that level can remain, then I think Austin tend a chance to show the world how to do things differently. And what I love about about, you know, her initiative is just how really trying
 
 Magatte Wade: you know, to again work on keeping affordability down for most people. I think it's important to because it seems like it matters to you. I know that it matters to me. I absolutely would not wanna see Austin go away so forces francisco data and I think the key to that. It's making much sure at true diversity, not like the fluff fluff crap diversity we're hearing over there.
 
 And that's another thing by the way. Because no foster connects to pride itself and Oh, you know, we are so into diversity, but I'm like if definitely diversity for you means gender difference of gender, skin color, You know, maybe the different accents we have and you think check jack, I'm like, it's not enough. Can we also add diversity of thoughts? And actually you have a problem I have with that place, you know? And I know some folks who are scared of saying much around people.
 
 That's also another thing. So not only they're sizing you up but everybody also very invisible. This invisible, how should I say this? There's is invisible agreement that they all seem to have to stay on script.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah there's a feel like you're following a certain kind of script that's very kind of shallow, and there is a bit of a categorization going on. Which category do you belong to and let's put this into a simple math equation. How what comes out as opposed to just the free open embrace of people, the weirdo, the characters, the interesting the full deep sense of diversity. Exactly. Not just ideas, but backgrounds and rich and poor like
 
 Magatte Wade: Artist engineers. High school
 
 Lex Fridman: dropout, phds d's. All of this. Yes. Yeah. Yes.
 
 Yeah.
 
 Magatte Wade: That's what makes for a rich society, if that's gonna get ahead.
 
 Lex Fridman: I'm glad you mentioned nicole efforts. I know she really is passionate about. I I don't don't know how complicated that work is because there's probably a big force trying to increase how much it costs to live in Austin? Yeah. I don't know how you resist that.
 
 I whenever I go to New York City, just the fact that There's a giant park in the middle of it. I wonder like, how did they pull this off? This is amazing. Yeah. It's it's like to resist the force of the increasing price of the land and still to protect this idea of having having a park.
 
 Mh. And then in the same way, protecting the ability for people from all walks of life to live in the center of the city to live around the city to chase a dream when they don't get any money in their pocket. Absolutely. I don't know how you do that. And this partly political, probably regulation, all that kind of stuff.
 
 Magatte Wade: It's... A lot of it has to do with regulations. And this is where her and I also very much ci eye in terms of you know, the free markets and also prosperity building because it's always the same problems every most of the time most places, here what you have is some people. In the name of we gotta stand for... And I don't like to use this word, but maybe you helped me find a better one But I to wonder people can understand.
 
 We gotta stand for the less lesser fortunate among us. Some people would like call them maybe times use word maybe underdog. Whatever it is, I want to say maybe the lesser fort among us. Right? In the name of standing up for them, you're promoting policies but are actually gonna backfire and wherever they end up being the first ones to suffer from it.
 
 So let's take this whole housing issue. That Nicole and her team are working on. We find that oftentimes the cost at end of day, it's for good old supply. And demand equation. If you're gonna make it so hard that the supply level of housing remains below a certain threshold remains lower than the demand of people who need especially affordable housing housing it altogether.
 
 What's gonna happen is scarcity, prices go up and who gets kicked out first, but lesser fortunate among us. And so... But but I find that oftentimes people in the name of we care don't engage their mind. And the friend of mine said this... And he said it's so well he said.
 
 Having heart for the poor, that's easy. Having a mind for a poor, that's the challenge. And oftentimes it's... We all have a heart. For poor.
 
 But when it comes vent to, then what do we do to have a real impact making sure they people get a chance at, you know, going up, then that's where everything starts falling apart. And then you have people who you know, when they start pushing for policies, housing policies, making it super hard for you to even renovate or add one more story to your home anything like that by doing that, you messing up with the supply with a supply with a supply the supply of housing. And therefore the people who can't afford, you know people get priced out of the market. And so what people like Nikola are doing are going back to where all of this is taking place. And they going back to the regulation side, And just like you know sure will talk about it here, but people wonder today, why is Africa, the poorest region in the world, We go back to the same culprit.
 
 Bad laws. And tons of senseless regulations. If you make it so hard that Berkeley for someone to build one more story to their home, which means maybe one more unit that could be rented out to someone and if many more people do that and you have a much bigger supply, which means the prices will go down. Which means more people have access among and among them especially the less unfortunate among us, then we started to see a winning proposal aren't we. But instead, if you go the way around, then all of a sudden you're pricing them out of market.
 
 Same thing with done with us. So oftentimes when I see a problems of this nature, you can betcha but regulations and since laws are the heart of it, and that's what they're tackling. It's not popular. It's not fun, and people tend to not even understand where you're coming from. But this is a problem we have with people not understanding economic econ one hundred zero one.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well so the regulation the laws in the system that props them up and increases the span of those laws and we'll talk about that the fast anyway, those kinds of things develop when it works when it doesn't. Let me sort of step back and ask a question about Africa in the west in many places in the world. Africa has almost talked about like it's one country Like guess one place. So in what ways is Africa one community? And then what was?
 
 Is it many, many many communities just from your perspective from in Senegal and and and beyond.
 
 Magatte Wade: Right? So at the most basic of what mix us one goes back to even what makes you African. You are African. I'm African. We're one big family with.
 
 Africa is very much at the end of a day, the the but foundation and the birth of, you know, the human race. So in from that standpoint point, at the most basic level we're All Africans.
 
 Lex Fridman: Where this whole thing started? Exactly.
 
 Magatte Wade: Exactly. Where this whole thing started and how at some point humanity was hanging by fingernails. Only two thousand of us were left on this earth And eventually, we started, you know, we went for survival. And that's how we started to spread around and some going up north some going this way that way. And as you're traveling to different places, then features start to change to adapt to where you are.
 
 Right? So hair gets lighter for some people, I get different shape for others to to adjust to a new natural habitat. You know, the genomics program, I think At the National Geographic did that so well for people who interested and going back to that work with spencer wells and set But... Yeah. So at the very basic most basic level, that's that's what Unites all first of all.
 
 And then I would say that the continent, especially here, I will group it into Black Africa, you know, black Africa. Unfortunately, our common stories, you know of having gone for this terrible horrible period of around the same time, the whole continent being, you know, enslaved and colonize. So that in a way forms, not that we were ever the the first people or only people ever you know, and enslaved in this world. As a matter of fact, I mean, the world slaves comes from you know, as glove, slave, slavs, love, right, from Eastern rock. So the first place were actually people looking more like you and looking like
 
 Lex Fridman: me right.
 
 Magatte Wade: So but we don't necessarily remember all of that because in our human psyche, the closest to us in history of a big mass of people being enslaved is African people who were the V last, you know, group like that.
 
 Lex Fridman: You know, the pain of World war one world do a two perm Europe, but it certainly does for the Soviet the former of union in the countries that made up form so union this in the same way, the the pain of slavery an empires. Mh. Using Africa. Does that perm the culture? Because there still echoes of that?
 
 Magatte Wade: In a way, yes, especially the fact that, you know, in many different places, whether it's gonna on my country, or benign where you have these places that we call the door no return or the basis of no return, which this was the last place where the slaves were standing or, you know, in senegal we call it a door of no return. Various just one door, you wear in the safe house. And once
 
 Magatte Wade: we go, they go. It's... That's that's it. It's gonna be the last time they see back hole.
 
 Magatte Wade: So you know, those, of course, of course, it creates for a common lived experience, which becomes common lived history. And of course, he's gonna tie up.
 
 Lex Fridman: Is there a resentment because you mentioned hospitality? Yeah. Is there a kind of resentment of the foreigner that they... There's a rich vibrant land. Yeah.
 
 There's many resources there's powerful cultures Are they just going to show up and use us? Yeah. This is that's a way to see geo geopolitics
 
 Magatte Wade: and the
 
 Lex Fridman: yeah in world.
 
 Magatte Wade: Yeah. This is... Okay. So where it plays very differently is So if you can just an today, there is not really a problem at that level. Where people's resentment start to come from is Of course, when bad behavior shows up, meaning like you have so many white people who can show up and just in the attitude, they have an entitlement attitude.
 
 Right? And they think but in a way, we're all self disturbance some people in your face, some people more, but that can cause some resentment. But where leave a resentment is
 
 Lex Fridman: And that can dean time can take different forms like even pity. Yes. Is is...
 
 Magatte Wade: Don't even gonna get me going on that? I was trying to get for polite today. So just just don't. Let's do not. Okay.
 
 You know, sometimes i tell myself, My god. Today you're gonna be all composed. I know next. Open compose i don't go ahead and make the full of yourself. Just just just behave.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. But all it together. You get
 
 Magatte Wade: me onto some some grounds. That's when it's all gonna...
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. So yeah. Let's let's let's move beyond that too... So resentment. There's there's a dance between hospitality and.
 
 Magatte Wade: And res resentment, So when you come in, you you you live your life to you just a normal human being, and you treat me decently like you would treat a friend normal people I have no problem with you. I'm not gonna come back and be like, well, you and your ancestors haven't saved me you you're not gonna see that stuff. Sometimes I in this country war, I feel like at, you know or it might like that. But we... We in Africa don't do that.
 
 Now, If you come, you have a nest attitude, you think you're still serious servants around. Well, you have a problem someone like me, I might even grab you by the back of your neck and you know, take you back to the airport. That's when you're lucky.
 
 Lex Fridman: How you very quickly.
 
 Magatte Wade: Exactly. But where things come up? Is, especially nowadays with African youth. When we have to be reminded of a world bank. When we have to be reminded of even the world places like the water form, You know, like all of these places that seem to constitute.
 
 They would you they the way they describe them when I say they, it's primarily primarily my African friends. So here maybe terms are worth describing. So the Ben african movement goes way back when. We're talking about, you know, way back when started in in the thirties going on all the way from there. So what you have there is people who have started coming together and dreaming up an anticipated Africa.
 
 Away from the colonies because at that point, they were still colonies and dreaming up all of that. So we're talking about people like K, of Ghana. We're talking About Of Tanzania. Talking about bliss Of Senegal and other people like that, Bundy of Malawi. So anyway, so And the African youth of today we're still hanging on onto those from to some of these ideas of...
 
 And announce some of these dreams of reunited Africa. So when you were talking about what seems to unite you, there is that. You know, also, meaning like, we all feel like we part of the same family. Is it only in our heads? It's a?
 
 Many for many different reasons, there is definitely what we call a African movement. And I very much myself Consider myself, one of them, I don't agree all the time with our way. We wanna go and how we wanna go there, but not where we wanna go. Where we wanna go is we would love to say United Africa for sure. But how to get that accomplished, that's where oftentimes we have issues.
 
 So on something like that, so this African, especially with African youth, but it's... Beyond a African eu the youth in general and Africa. World bank, un all of these organizations that they tend to qualify as imperialist organizations. And it's not always the correct way to describe them, but I'm sure you get the sentiment. And from that place, there is tons of resentment.
 
 Because for the longest time, these groups, organizations and some that preceded them have proceeded to actually decide what even our new frontiers would be. You see, when you go to a place like senegal, Mali, all of that, different countries, but we were one people. One, you know, one group one Kingdom, what what... And then at some point, they decided just when you look at Africa, have you looked at how straight some of these borders are. You were like, did the robot dr these?
 
 Really
 
 Lex Fridman: master of.
 
 Magatte Wade: No offense to robot but, especially this one it looks so cute. But you know what I mean, So So they they have continued deciding what it would be to be us to leave on our land and how do we even? And it just keeps them going. Vega get to decide how are we... Which type of even economic development path are we gonna choose or not?
 
 So it's very... So from my standpoint point, yes, there's a lot of resentment, tuning even some people like me.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. And it's interesting that the invader and the oppressed on the empires have actually created a force for unity. I've seen that in Ukraine and the invasion in Ukraine where it was a pretty divided not a pretty a very divided country with many factions. Mh. But the invasion really forced everyone to think about the identity of this nation together.
 
 Yes. Beyond factions beyond all of that. That's right. It allowed to look at its history and its future. And like, they all say that all great nations have had to have a war of independence.
 
 And this is our war to find our own identity. And so in that sense, Africa as one place as one continent found had to find multiple times its identity through the resistance of the compressor.
 
 Magatte Wade: Especially Sub sahara Africa, especially Turn Africa. Yes.
 
 Lex Fridman: And there's an interesting aspect to this because the president center is also the you know, the head of the African union. So we'll we'll talk about the fascinating geopolitics of that of that whole situation, But let me ask in general. Mh. You talk about this question that's fascinating quite What does it take for a country to prosper? Mh What does it it take for country to prosper?
 
 You see many countries in the world that really struggle. And many that flourish and it's not always obvious why? Because some have natural resources some don't. Some have wars, some don't some have sort of authoritarian regimes, some don't and some of democracies and all that kind of stuff. So you you...
 
 The dynamics are exactly obvious. Is there is there commonalities? Is there fundamental ideas that result in a prosperity of a nation?
 
 Magatte Wade: Today, I can confidently say yes. Despite all the differences that you talked about, And I think then this is where it becomes very important, that we are very clear about the question you asked me. You said, what does it take to make a country prosperous? So I'm just gonna stick to prosperity because prosperity doesn't necessarily mean sometimes as has nothing to do with maybe how you conduct yourself otherwise socially speaking. Right?
 
 So you can be prosperous and still when it comes to your family laws all the way, you approach the other aspects of your life, maybe you're running a very communist lifestyle. Mh. Or doing a very... Another a very liberal, you know, society. Mh.
 
 So for me, when we talk about prosperity, I just want to make sure that we are clear on that. Because some people might say that. May might be someone be like, well, we you... Because I know what I'm gonna talk to you about next. And some people gonna sit tell be like, well, China is not like dad or Yeah.
 
 You know even Dubai is not like that. No. So what I'm talking about is you're sing, and that's what I love about this... If we stick to word prosperity. To me I see pretty this.
 
 It's like economically speaking, what are we gonna be to be a prosperous nation? Meaning we are a middle to high income nation. I'm not talking about what are of the rights of your women to to vote or can people live like this or I'm not talking about any economic
 
 Lex Fridman: fundamentally economic. Yes. Spare.
 
 Magatte Wade: Because I think it's that is very important because over the years, I've seen people push back on all types of things in them and it occurred to me that that's what the the misunderstanding was there. I'm gonna talk about prosperity, make it sure that the country can make money, so that it can take care of its needs and in needs of its citizens. Then what I have come to find is that at the root of that is gonna be what we call economic freedom. And what I call the toolkit kit of the entrepreneur, in that, you can put the rule. You can put the concept of clear and trans transferable property rights.
 
 Academic freedom is at all the levels that which will allow entrepreneurs. And business people to create value and create value entrepreneurial. We're not talking about when seeking anything like that. It's like you found a pie to be this big and you make it this big. So that's what we're talking
 
 Lex Fridman: about. Create.
 
 Magatte Wade: Create value. Yes. So when it comes to that, we have found that wherever you're looking at two countries that started out the same. We're talking the same people. East Germany, West Germany, South Korea, North Korea, very similar similar people to start with.
 
 Right? But yet, radical outcomes. I know that today, Germany is united, but we're talking about back in the days when you had East and western bloc. Same people. Very different outcomes.
 
 Like I said, South Korea, North Korea, and so and so forth. And at the same time, very different nations. Dubai compared to Singapore or to England Very different yet, the same outcome. So it seems to me like whenever we're looking at prosperity, if a nation is prosperous, Regardless less of whatever other shenanigans they might be running whatever other operating software they might be running for anything but not related to business. If on the business side, they are proponents over a free markets or at least a base level of free markets, We know that such countries will create prosperity.
 
 Lex Fridman: So what are the aspects of the operating systems that lead to Singapore and and to a south korea and all that kind of stuff? So can you speak to different elements that enable the toolkit for entrepreneurs?
 
 Magatte Wade: Sure. Sure. And maybe here? Let me just maybe illustrated with my own story, and then I can take you back.
 
 Lex Fridman: My god tell your story. Who are
 
 Magatte Wade: is just because it started with me coming here. You shouldn't be robot but anything and now. Which looks like I'm... And we know so taught and i did like tell people. And...
 
 No. No No. But So this is where this question, even when you ask me, how are some some country... How do some countries become prosperous? That question?
 
 Le, I had it when I was seven knows so. That's when my family. Moved me to from Senegal. For the first time of my life, I left my country, I left my continent, and I was headed to Europe. To go join my people, my my family, my parents who were there as economic migrants.
 
 My parents had migrated for a better life. As so many people have to. So many people have to coming from poorer places coming for low income countries.
 
 Lex Fridman: You saw the difference? Yes. Between the two places.
 
 Magatte Wade: I I how else would you call it? Here you are in Senegal. Minding your own business causing tons of trouble everywhere, you know, just being a this being a happy, free range kid that I was.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. So you were always a trouble making i just now.
 
 Magatte Wade: Okay. Great. Life would it be fun about
 
 Lex Fridman: it? And of course, I
 
 Magatte Wade: agree. Way. So because even you, you know, like, can knew, like, all put together like, front, I know there's a lot of trouble making behind you.
 
 Lex Fridman: Just really trying to keep it together.
 
 Magatte Wade: I know you are with me, I'm gonna totally bring it out. So just... Yeah. So you saw the difference. Right.
 
 I still we did. I'm walking in here back home and I tell people this story because to me it's a defining story. Back home to take a shower. It's a it takes time. Grandma has to, you know, make the short catch.
 
 On a little stove like you use at, you know, when you go camping, And then she puts a pot of water on it. It boils. She takes it puts it in a bigger bucket. Mixes it with some colder water. Then we put a little pot in it and a stronger member of a family has to drag it to the shower.
 
 And then there finally, I can proceed to take my shower. Here, I'm in Germany in the middle of the winter, and my mom like, but dad time for your shower I'm like, I'm oh I'm not getting naked ways about was I mean Where's the boys of bucket of Hot water? It's like, oh, you silly come on and just jump in. And i jump to shower and the buttons of water it's coming down temperature percent i want playing. So are you kidding me?
 
 Lex Fridman: So amazing.
 
 Magatte Wade: Had been chi out of life. My whole life. Yeah. So that's what happened. And then I then...
 
 And then I'm like oh and all of these roads have paved froze. Like back home, everything is sandy and, you know, my. If you always actually, I always have to wash off when I back going and go back home, and your shoes get ruined most of the time and it started every. And and i had this question and it was just like, wow, how come they have this? And we don't.
 
 So I was not being like, oh, you know how come we have a of his money? Oh, I I was not... It was just like how come? And I think what I was alluding to was How come life is so easy here. It's not.
 
 Lex Fridman: An easy, not a negative sense. No. In a beautiful sense. Sometimes I get you know, just having traveled through the war zone just to come back traveling through Europe back to America. It just...
 
 I'll I'll just get emotional just looking at fish see if things like how how easy it is? How we can... First of all, in Ukraine currently can't fly. Right? So where's all...
 
 Just even the the thing a transportation. He said, roads. Yeah. The quality of votes in the United States is amazing. Just not, you know, many of the places that drive in Ukraine, you're talking about...
 
 I mean, really bad conditions of roads. And I'm sure in many parts of Africa, and many parts of the world is the world's even worse.
 
 Magatte Wade: Right. Right.
 
 Lex Fridman: And outdoor door, you know, having a toy indoor toilet is a is a is a fascinating awesome luxury.
 
 Magatte Wade: It is. It is. And don't take me wrong legs. Do we have some great roads now in many parts of Africa? Yes.
 
 Yes. Yes. Main arteries great fro. To like, whoa, this is moving. It...
 
 Yes we do. But definitely more today than in my time growing up. Do we have, you know, a country like Nigeria that just birthed six unicorns last year alone. Yes. Do we have the African youth out, being so amazing and, you know, living their lives.
 
 Yes. We have all of that, but it is still unfortunately just... Like, we're scratching the surface. Yeah. And those people still are getting all of that accomplished, literally swinging from molasses.
 
 Mh. This is some of the most most gross immoral, unfair waste of human capital.
 
 Lex Fridman: So that is the started with you. It's a seven year old asking wait a minute. How do amazing people in Europe, do this and the amazing people in Africa don't. Yeah.
 
 Magatte Wade: And that's a keyword word amazing because that's when I what what I realized later because and now it was not always like that for me, Amazing and amazing. Right? I knew instinctively, that of course, we are amazing too. But so this... And then so eventually the question became how...
 
 So I went from how can be harvest and we don't? To the country as I'm growing up, and researching because it stayed with me when I tell you I'm obsessed, I'm haunted. I am not. So you can laugh what you want, but it's The question get, the question became how come some countries like the United States. Singapore, ar, and some others like mine and many others in Africa are poor.
 
 That became the question. And along the line, along the road, I'll I continue on leaving my life, wondering about this question. And I've heard all times of reasons as to super positive why that might be the case. Some people with a very straight face are still pedal the iq fury according to which, come darling, it's not your fault. You know, your existing color goes with a jeans sequence, that just doesn't allow you to be as smart as white people are.
 
 And it's not fault. But just accepted it. Bad stuff is still out there. It's very real. I and I have to hear it.
 
 And others would say to me It's just because, you know, you guys will have adequate level of education.
 
 Magatte Wade: And I say, you know, maybe you're gonna go say
 
 Magatte Wade: that. To most of the street sellers you go since senegal. You go up to any of to many of these street sellers in Senegal. They are waiting through cars in moving cars under the hot sun. Fumes front of their face.
 
 Trying to sell you anything and and... But you think you might be able to use We we're talking about an ironing board to an umbrella to q tips to, you know, to fix selling you whatever you need from from your car, These street sellers. And you ask from dear. Do you do you have any degree? Yeah.
 
 I I have this discredited degree math or in in in the literature or whatever, some very very educated people. Yet the right deficits, this is what they're doing. So that's just that scale wasted to human potential. Thank you.
 
 Lex Fridman: So that has to do the waste to human potential has to do now with the system was something about the laws Yeah. Something... Some something about sort of the things that limit or enable the entrepreneur?
 
 Magatte Wade: Yes. Because at that point, I've heard this, you know, I heard people saying? Yeah. Your iq is no good. Yeah.
 
 You're not don't have enough degrees or you're not educated. No, some people would even say is because you guys are newest. You matter newest. You need to be said. Others.
 
 Oh, well, maybe I'll give you some shoes and maybe something is gonna change whatever. And then so I heard all of this nonsense legs. But you guess what my guess what? None of them made sense. Do know why it didn't make sense?
 
 Because if any of that crap was true, Why oh why, is it that? My parents or any other people from these places? And oh by the way, some people call at those places, God for second land. That's also what type of credit always have to hear. When it's not just flat out, S whole countries from you know, one person few years ago.
 
 President of his country.
 
 Lex Fridman: That sentiment is sometimes there. Sweet.
 
 Magatte Wade: It is it is. As I go on with my life, trying to... And trying to find the answer to why are some countries like mine poor while others are rich. I'm hearing all of these reasons thrown at me. And then they make no sense because then how come then if my parents move As it is usually anyone else who moves from a poor nation to a nation positive switch, all sudden, they get to manifest the greatest potential.
 
 So I'm starting to think this has nothing to do with a person s. Because it would talking about the same person. Send back once so maybe from their name. Yeah you everything. Yeah.
 
 No Fig. Maybe it doesn't have to do with person maybe, we're talking about something that has to do with the place that they came from or place that they're going to. So this this little thing is starting to be my mind. Again, remember this is not something that I woke up to overnight. I'm like, well, I thought my quite.
 
 Or it took me for a long time, and I had to I had to to face off to have many different ideologies face each other. I had to really have a reckoning literally in my heart and in my mind. And so so then that's what I'm thinking. It cannot be... Can...
 
 No. No. No. It's visiting same people. It has to be about the place.
 
 But then what about this place? But then even about the place, You're thinking, again, two countries... Different back same outcome, same background different outcome. What is this? And then I go on.
 
 I start... I I Am in Silicon valley in the late nineties, early two thousands that can boom all of that. And I'm starting to discover this concept of this called entrepreneurship. You know, I mean, Silicon Valley. And just getting to experience what seems so cliche by now, but you people on the getting together in the back of an napkin, talking about an idea, you know, playing it out and then they go out and they talk summit to some investors who's invest it, then they have lawyer who get to, you know, put all of these stuff together.
 
 And then they have a big four Cp firms, this whole ecosystem of what they call of entrepreneurship. And then eventually, this concept of entrepreneurship being this this idea of, you know, creating something out of nothing. So there I am, and at some point, I become an entrepreneur myself. And the way became point entrepreneur was not like I woke up and I'm like I wanna make money. So I'm gonna become an a different, You know, like, no.
 
 And this is also another problem I have with people who have a problem with entrepreneurs or business people. Most entrepreneurs do not start a business to become rich. Most entrepreneurs. Start a business because they have found identified a problem and bothered them enough that they said enough is enough I'm gonna do something about it. What entrepreneurs are are people criticized by creating.
 
 Do they always get it right? No. As a matter of fact, the failure in entrepreneurship is humongous. It's it's it's coming ka. Path to take the entrepreneurship path.
 
 We lose our spouses. My first husband passed away as soon as I was about to sign my first term sheet and yet, I had to keep going what force could keep you going? After you just loved, lost the love of your life. What force keeps to going The force of oh, I thought to be rich. Really?
 
 When you haul, your whole world is upside down, your whole world is upside down, and you just want to quit. You just want to go mit. Join him in death. I said because of the same reason why I started my company. I stayed because the women whom I had put back to work by Then.
 
 We're talking about some of the most vulnerable women in my country. These are women who grow a hi which we need to make the Best, which is the juice of Tehran. Remember, this is our national identity drink. And for the longest time, women grow is we use for the national drink for the string. And now that Coca cola Pepsi and all that made it, through and marketing, but it is more cool to drink those beverages Now there is no more market for bah.
 
 And with that goes the livelihoods of these women. And for me, but bothered me enough. Because in that force, I sold two things. One was a part of my culture. We're talking about...
 
 I mean, part of my cultural identity for christ's sake. The just have that. You asked me what defines you, I said to Ren. There's a juice for it. So my culture is disappearing.
 
 And at the same time, this women are sliding into ab poverty because what they used to make no one needs anymore. So that is what got me to start a company. And the company was created just because of that. I wanted to build a company that would allow me to not only preserve this very important aspect of my cultural identity, and at the same time, put these women back to
 
 Lex Fridman: work. And maybe it's more difficult to put into words but there's a kind of... It's a basic human spirit where you see the the place we came from breaking apart in some kind of way and you have the entrepreneurial fire that dreams of helping.
 
 Magatte Wade: Yes.
 
 Lex Fridman: And that sometimes it's hard to convert that into words. You have to tell nice stories and so on, but the basic human desire to help. Yes. And especially when we size by creating,
 
 Magatte Wade: especially when you've been raised. Especially when... And let's face it. Do we all are we all a bundle of circumstances some happy some some worse. Yes.
 
 We are. And oftentimes asked myself, my god, Why you? Why did you... Why did you get to have the opportunities that you have. What makes you different from me, let's say, even your cousin.
 
 Yeah that couldn't... But it's still home. Yeah. Trapped because we call self trapped citizens. When you start in these countries, with go nowhere, you we're like a bunch of trapped citizens.
 
 So so you see legs when my husband passed away and I wanted nothing more to do than to quit. And to send Investors had already said, we understand if you wanna stop. Whatever you decide to do will do that. And I wanted to quit. And I was actually on my way.
 
 I was in Senegal for a months, trying to really get a bearing of myself. And by the end of a month, I had decided i'm I'm letting go. There no way if a pain was too great, nothing made sense anymore. It was too much. So I went to see this woman And I talked to one who you know, were talking back then, they were four hundred of them, later on we grew to nine thousand.
 
 And I told the representative of all of them and I told her this is very very lady and just looking at her I knew I was going through some pain, but this woman has probably gone through ten times. Not that pain is you know, like measurable, but you could tell this woman probably lost a child. As oftentimes happen in places, you know, but our lower income countries, probably lost the husband also probably who knows so many people lost this part of our lives.
 
 Lex Fridman: You could see the pain.
 
 Magatte Wade: You can see the pain. Yet. She's so so dignified. She's so identified. And that already kind of made me like, my got stuck crying but and I told and I told her that I was quitting I did not eyes and and she said look at me.
 
 I not. She look at me child. And I looked at her. And she said, you know I know you in pain. But where your husband is where your beloved is, is absolutely nothing that you can do for him.
 
 But for us, you can change everything. And i went back. So that's what entrepreneurs are at their best.
 
 Lex Fridman: Does she helped you find your strength?
 
 Magatte Wade: Yes. And I I I was I was weak still, but I said you put that aside. There's a job to do here. And I went back and I fought with everything that I had. And this company that I started in my kitchen, became this company that had the who's who of a beverage world with at some point Roger and Recall the Chairman of Pepsi sitting on my on my board, on my board.
 
 Yeah. I went back because of that. So the reason why I tell this story for is important. Because I it... The world needs to understand.
 
 That they're soul there a much more there's a viable way. Of caring and of being part of a solution for the lesser fortunate. In terms of not keeping them where we are, and we're like the savior coming and, you know, giving them food and all that. No. No.
 
 No. No. No. But it's like just like the leg I got in my life, give somebody else a leg up.
 
 Lex Fridman: What are the things you're fighting against in Africa and you try to build a business like that. So when we're building
 
 Magatte Wade: this company. And back then, This was in two thousand and four, but it was Built my first company. We had to have two sister companies. One there one here. So the one in the in Africa was about the whole supply chain.
 
 Yeah. And the one in America, was, you know, we development, sales and marketing, all of had good stuff. And
 
 Lex Fridman: then
 
 Magatte Wade: I thought when I look around I'm like wait a second. Here, back in days before we had the, you know, like, they would talk, they was say oh, we have is one stop shop for business registration. But the truth is, very quickly you can set up an Ellis in the Us. We're talking about less than even then, less than, you know, today, super fast twenty minutes online done. Back then, it was, you know, less than few hours to get it done, cost do almost nothing we're talking about a few hundred dollars, you know, free to to three hundred fifty depending which did you are.
 
 Lex Fridman: So Llc starting a basic company, takes almost no time.
 
 Magatte Wade: No time. No time to money. Almost.
 
 Lex Fridman: You don't have to know a guy that knows the guy that slip some money to the politician and so on?
 
 Magatte Wade: No. None of that stuff. None of us stuff. And so at the same time, also things like And this I can take you event to today's day. Okay, let's.
 
 I don't know if you have employees on payroll or anything like that. But Do you have to go every month or anybody listening to us right now? Mh. Do they have to go every single month to three different type of agencies. You know, like governmental agencies to do one step.
 
 This one is, basically, you're gonna go And give them your retirement money, Like you know, like the pension part of a salary that you took out from value your employee You have to go to this agency and put that application through, so you leave that money behind, then you go to another agency This one is for the health, you know, care whatever, you have three of those places where you have to literally go to. In person. Three times free places every single month to drop off these, you know, this paperwork. Have to about anywhere in the Us. I mean, could...
 
 Do you do we have that situation anywhere that you know of right now?
 
 Lex Fridman: No.
 
 Magatte Wade: And do you think that's business friendly or do you think it's it's someone business.
 
 Lex Fridman: And that's not just cumbersome sort of, physically, it's cumbersome some psychologically, but there's a there's a feeling. Like, the system around you yeah. There's feeling like you're trapped. It's a feeling like the system doesn't want you to succeed. Versus a system that does want you to succeed.
 
 Magatte Wade: Exactly. You're in a country like we're in Texas? If you make less than a box in revenues a year, you know, all you do five minutes. It takes you, you're filing, you know, your state your franchise tax. That's it.
 
 It's below that number. Tell them what it is, then we have nothing to give him or anything like that you move on. Us, even if I make this much, there is a minimum tax that you have to pay, which is a one thousand dollars in Senegal right now.
 
 Lex Fridman: For the listener, My guy was holding up a zero.
 
 Magatte Wade: You make nobody?
 
 Lex Fridman: You still to pay.
 
 Magatte Wade: So... And then, oh, let me walk you through what happened to me when we had to try to get the electricity hooked up. On our first office. So we go best say, oh, first you have to apply, you know, like you normally you have to apply. And then we apply we pay money.
 
 Remember, again, here, you have to also go This was like you know, you go to the office and you pay. And then we wait and we wait and we wait. And when I say we wait, I'm not talking about we waited twenty hours waited forty eight hours a month two months, three months, four months, five months, you go... This... Your send assistant you goes she comes back.
 
 Well, say we send it to wait. At some point, I'm like, I gotta go there. So I go there, And Asked to speak to the head of a district for, you know, and I'm just like going on and on and on and on about how we've been delayed. This is gonna be a problem. We have to produce, everything is delayed.
 
 And I'm I'm I losing my business We already pre sold some of these products to our customers. I got something is to happen. So at some point the gentleman looks at me, Like lady, look over there. I look over it there. I see a pile of paper.
 
 This high. We're talking about maybe hundred of applications. Each one of them is a single single single sheet. Each single suit is an application for getting the electricity And this size bag. I say said yeah.
 
 And it's a look over there. I look the bed together side. I see two meters. He's like, each of these applications needs one of those. How many do you see?
 
 I said two. Then I knew I was in trouble. And then I said, what do I do? And he said, lady, it's not at our level, and I I agree with him. It was not on his level.
 
 But eventually, you know, by now, you can tell that I pretty much get what I need because... And at that point what I did was not fret him or anything like that. I didn't even pay bribe or anything, but you could see why people pay bright. Because when you have a pie like that, then the only way to advance your file and that by the way happens even into the passport office? You come you apply for your passport, which is your right...
 
 They forced us to have passports is you. Right, have a passport. And even there, if you want your yours to keep going through the process, you have to bribe somebody so we can go even the basic supposed to go. Let alone faster. So here, I'm thinking I have a problem.
 
 And at that point, I did what I do. I talked to him about all the things I was trying to do. I explained to him why I'm here? Why I'm trying to do this And even him said lady, someone like you you have no... You you have no reason to even be here.
 
 You you could be back in America and live in your life let me look, you don't have to be here. So that I think gained a lot of his respect. And I said, if you don't do... If you don't help me with this, I I understand. I shouldn't be of a priority or anything like that, but I beg you.
 
 I beg of you. I need I need for this to go on this week. And he said, okay. That's how I got my meter. One of us to meters in mine.
 
 So Van said, but we have a problem. And I said, what? You said, well, But truck, we need a of a truck to be here to do it because because of where you are from the pole, we need long cable lines. To get it all done. But the truck is I don't know I don't know where truck was because they had this one track I don't know how many customers.
 
 So I go to the mayor of a town with whom I'm quite friends but you see, I know people. But it shouldn't be this way. So I go to the mayor town, and I said mayor, happened have the same name as me. First, last name same. But except he's ugly one I'm a pretty one because you know He starts.
 
 You know.
 
 Lex Fridman: So people can tell you apart. She's
 
 Magatte Wade: freaking. I'm a pretty one and he's the what... Don't... So I get to mayor and I'm like maybe you how did you help You need to help me with this. He's like now what?
 
 And I explained to him. And he's like, okay. You can take the truck from from from City Hall. I'll tell the guys that they can allow you to have it. And then they've come and then you guys can do this.
 
 And then we arrived there. Guess what... I thought I was done next, but I was not done. Because now the electricity company by the way, whom we paid everything was there. They've been sitting in a money for nine months by now.
 
 Well, we need a ladder. Long enough do... You know, like, one of the super super professional ladders that normally, the electricity companies is half. They theirs was in some of a village and they didn't know if it was gonna be back for another three days or four days. I said, are you kidding me?
 
 He's like no. So I called me again, I'm. Do you have a ladder and explained and, and that's how I got my kind electricity hooked up. Otherwise, i probably would still be waiting. So lets you add all of these things together and also the fact that in my country by way, if a label laws, are so stringent.
 
 Basically, you are married to employees for good bad. And some people say, oh, no. You're not married for good too bad. Except that it won't just cost you a lot of time and money to get in rid of any of them. Doesn't matter if the circumstances.
 
 Do you think I really an entrepreneur really need to hear something like that? In ahead of Eye, I had an argument with him at the Un. And I said to him listed, and you listen to me very well. The reason if you want to protect employees as you claim, everything you're do is to protect them employees. A you know better for human being when I am in terms of making...
 
 Wanting to make sure that people are treated right in fairy. But last time I checked, Google, for example, is not offering their employees, chef cooked meals. Super healthy, anything they want feeding them for morning till evening having some, you know, babysitter or you know, having health childcare on outside all of these perks that come on top of really cozy salaries. It did not happen because you be ill told them, you have to do this. It happened because there are enough jobs created around.
 
 But now you're in an employee's market. And employers have to fall all over themselves to track the best talent among us. That's how it's done, and not with your nonsense that you're imposing me right now, which the only results you're gonna get, like in my country, do you know what we have to show for all of these, the fact that Senegal employees the most protected employee on paper in the world. Well, we won a twenty five poorest countries in the world. That's what it got us.
 
 Lex Fridman: So let's try to un this. So there's a system in place. There's a momentum in that system. Like you said, lady, it's not my level, which is for somebody who grew up in the Soviet Union, at least echoes some of the same sounds I heard from from people I knew there. It's kinda this helpless feeling like, well, this is just part of the system.
 
 This gigantic bureaucracy. And the corruption that happens is just like the only way to get around to get anything done. And so the corruption grows. Maybe could you speak to the corruption? Is there is...
 
 Which you what degrees their corruption in Southern of Africa and how do we fix it?
 
 Magatte Wade: So when you said to which degrees a corruption, I will respond to you the same I respond to people. I say yeah, we have corruption. And it's almost as bad as in Chicago. Yeah. Right?
 
 So now what I want people to understand when it comes to corruption, It's... Because we are guided with corruption. We've think corruption is the root cause of problems. When corruption is simply symptom of a deeper root problem. In this case, If you make the laws, so senseless.
 
 Meaning, let me give you an example of senseless laws. Every time I have to import something in my country. I have a business, We're making bombs in this case and others skincare products. Some ingredients I'm able to find in the country at the standard what I need in order to remain competitive. Because example products are sold whole foods market, you can understand, it's pretty sophisticated and really, you know, they don't just put anybody on the shelves.
 
 But the thing is it means that on the other end, my inputs has to be right. So out of those, some we have seven ingredients, seven items that need to come from abroad. To go into the making of his product. Some packaging at some raw material. I guess what?
 
 For five of them, I am paying a forty percent tariff And for v two, almost seventy percent tariff. That I call senseless laws. These tariffs are senseless.
 
 Lex Fridman: The corruption is just the symptom. They reveal that something was broken about the
 
 Magatte Wade: lot. Exactly.
 
 Lex Fridman: And the laws are so taxation. This kind of restricting loss like laws us slowdown down, the entrepreneurial momentum.
 
 Magatte Wade: They do. They do. Because in this case, when my product comes, what do people have to do? Because every time, if you... If you add forty percent, you're basically on the other end.
 
 So every time you add... If I say my product normally, cost a dollar, and with you forty percent, by the time I'm done, I had to pay... I had... Now it's costing me one forty. By time it arrives in my warehouse in my manufacturing facility.
 
 It's now at one forty. Because of a tariff I left behind. That forty percent you added to it, do you know how much is gonna add to my final cost but once the product is finished out to sell it to the customer, I have to sell it for dollars sixty more because of that forty cents extra you took from me. In order for me at the end of the day, to have some type of profits because profits at the end of a day is the blood of a business. There are two people are mis misguided.
 
 They say, oh, you dirty, greedy business people and it's all about profit profit profit profit. You know, I belong to this organization called I'm board member on the conscious Capitalism. It is the largest organization of purpose driven business and different entrepreneurs. The type of i told you about we've start our business because we we see something that needs to be to be taken care of in society. Whole food market is one of them, the container store, you know, all of these companies that are beloved in the U.
 
 Us, but you can hear of. We believe that the end goal of business is purpose. But in order to do purpose, you have to have profits to stay in stay alive. And the best way for people to think of profits so that they're not all twisted about it, if I ask you, what's your goal in the world? You're probably gonna tell me your dream.
 
 You're gonna talk to me about what you're doing right now and how you want to be uniting... You want more harmonious world? You want human flourishing, that's what you're working towards. That's what you say to me. You're not gonna say, well, my because goal in the world is to produce as many red blood as.
 
 Except you need to produce. Otherwise, no necks. And if no next. No one. Yeah.
 
 You know what I mean? Yeah. So that's the also people need to up with his whole profit, number... Yeah. Do we have some psycho paths among us?
 
 Yeah. One of us in this world up psycho. In every field anywhere you look. And surely, you find that in the entrepreneur in entrepreneurs world as well. Yeah.
 
 So we have one percent of us psycho path for sure. But do they define the rest of us, absolutely not and thankfully for not. So let's just be clear on that. So here, you know, My... You charge me forty percent tariff, which is outrageous.
 
 Then you're forcing me to sell it for dollars sixty more. Then my competitor who does not have to go for that nonsense because she's an American woman, who is operating in America. You don't have at nonsense put on her. So now on on market, competing against this woman, i to i, so if we're selling the same value product, Mine cost a sixty more simply because of some stupid rules from back home, then guests who's gonna stay business and who does it. See, they want talk about equality.
 
 That's the type of the quality i wanna see. The the level the playing field has to be leveled. You english language
 
 Lex Fridman: First two two people talking Between us, maybe we have this english thing I figured it out doing figure out So the the the idea of capital, the idea of conscious capitalism is the the thing that in large part enables this level playing field.
 
 Magatte Wade: Well that's what we want. So so what you're trying to say, so here, so when I talked about tensorflow laws, that's an example. So when you make when you make the tariffs so high, that you're gonna render me, you know, non competitive, then that's where for people who might make sense, When the product arrives at port, they say, hey. I give you this. What I give you maybe it's ten percent of the price or five percent.
 
 It's surely not forty percent, but you are happy with it. You government official. That's what we call a bribe. And me, I'm like, hey, I saved myself money. And also I saved my myself time.
 
 But you see even a laws wear you pay five percent or even to ten percent but I just left behind or nothing. You come. You paid. You move on. Because who has a business of fooling around and staying behind and No.
 
 You do that when it's actually makes sense to do that. So. I'm not sitting here telling people. I engage in unlawful practices in my case because I'm around saying the things I'm saying right now. So I'm a target.
 
 You have to do things clearly and I believe in doing things that way. So what I had to do, those go to the ask again mayor, and we have a problem. Mayor's... Whenever he sees me like, now what? Sounds like we got a problem
 
 Lex Fridman: you press present.
 
 Magatte Wade: So I say now it's the customs. And and he's like, what do you want me to do? I said do you know anybody at customs. I need to hire up customs because I gotta to explain to them what's going on here. They all know, of course, but I think they're not always maybe understanding or maybe they understand and and this case he understood.
 
 So we went. And he's like, yeah, I know this is not it's not very there. And I said, what do we do now? And I saw him going through binder and binder on in his office because he's gonna try to go and look where in the law, can we find something that can help me escape these rules? And you know the best you found le was Oh, well, here, see, this one, if you've been in business for two years, then we can allow you there is a special term for which french is technical.
 
 We can allow you to bring your raw material, but you have to tell us exactly how much you're bringing? And it has to match your formulation because, you know, they don't want you to bring in more that we need and maybe sell some of that to the rest of the market and they didn't make their money on it. So there it means I have to give him my recipe. Imagine Coca cola being asked to give their secret sauce to government officials in a country, but you can't even know what might happen. Let alone, even in business, you don't do that, I mean, trade trade secrets.
 
 But here, you asked to be putting it in front of some people you don't know where gonna go after that? Because there good to see. Okay. Her recipe calls for x amount of of candida wax, x amount of coconut coconut oil, okay. And on top of that, we have to think about how much porridge might baby or not?
 
 Because again, we don't want her to to to to buffer over there. So you have to get naked in front of them in terms of your recipe, which might end up only gotten where tomorrow. Maybe competitive competition or maybe even them this started the business and they compete with you because we've seen that. So you have to do that. And then each time find out fill out a paperwork, get the approval then it can come in.
 
 So when it can come in, you don't have to pay a tax o and by the way. You only you have one year, one year to make this product and get it out. And all of it is to be back out. Because if it's any of stays here, you're gonna pay the the taxes that we held up.
 
 Lex Fridman: So you're basically forced by these laws. Yes to be
 
 Magatte Wade: dishonest. If you proceed... All of this was so it's so cumbersome because it it means more paperwork. Paperwork work everywhere, maybe having to disclose your things. So me my case, what I did is You know, this person said, okay, we're gonna see how we can...
 
 How we can work with you. But for the first two years, we were more or less in the gray area.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. So... So what even gray areas good.
 
 Magatte Wade: Yeah. But next what does it mean? In a situation like that? Yeah. Whenever they wanna mess with you?
 
 Yeah. It means they can come, and they will look, and they will find something. So it means that every day I'm trying to do business, I'm running the risk of being harassed. And or maybe even putting gel depending on what it is.
 
 Lex Fridman: I mean, you're an incredible person because it seems like there's two ways to change this, become president or gain power in the country, and to try to change the laws, which seems really difficult to do. And the other way is fight through the laws and create the business anyway, build the business community and through that method create a huge amount of pressure. That loss.
 
 Magatte Wade: You're totally getting it by with your last part. Because if this is really other think. And this is where I get so upset sometimes with my fellow Africans because they get so disgusted by what they're seeing. Right? And they think the answer is to go for politics.
 
 Let's go be president. Let's go be this. Let's go be that. And we're gonna change everything. I see that in the Us too.
 
 People thinking that presidents have always power you know what's the least power government for president. I mean people don't get that. Your best bet... If you go walk his swim system going into into politics stick to the local level. That's where all these skeletons are buried and hidden, and that's where you can make the most impact.
 
 Local level. I know it's that Shiny. I know it's not exciting. But that's where it's at. So if you must go into politics, but there there's another way.
 
 So in my case, what I do two things, I preach and I practice. I preach when I'm here talking to about this, I'm preaching. Mh. I am sharing with people that is which I found. And by the way, the was there.
 
 I was doing these two businesses, realizing the difference in treatment of the doing business environment. Of the Us compared to a doing business environment of Senegal. And at first, I was like, of course, us everything is messed up is because we're poor country. But when I started to put two and two together, I'm like, you poor because you have no money At least not enough money to take a of your basic needs. You have no money because you have no source of income.
 
 Where does a source of income come from for most of us? It comes from a job doesn't it. And some people, sometimes that my you berkeley class. They say, oh, no. It comes from government too.
 
 I'm like, I would like to think that even if you work for gum, you're gonna be paid something. Right? And they're like, yeah, even before I can say something we're like, yeah. Because that money, we used to pay our public officials comes from... Taxes, you know, employers, employees, we go back to the private sector mh for most of it from where this whole thing is created.
 
 So it's clear. Your poor because have no money. No money because no source of income. Source income for most of us is a job. We're talking about...
 
 So where do jobs come from the private sector, primarily small medium sized enterprises, then don't you think that we should make it easy, but we should have friendly doing business environment.
 
 Lex Fridman: And also a lot of the a lot of it comes that just on the small medium sized businesses, but I think a lot of the values created from new ones being launched. Yes. Right? It's not just like mean like, saving somehow through regulation, the ones that are
 
 Magatte Wade: already. No. No. It's
 
 Lex Fridman: it's like it's letting the market let it letting the new better ideas. Yes. Flourish.
 
 Magatte Wade: Yes. It's about what what I mean by doing business environment is all the things that you and I talked about earlier. Even the access of electricity is part of a doing business doing business. So basically, when I've discovered all lot that, when I put all these ducks together, then I'm like, well, I guess the business and it makes sense, if you want to grow Tomatoes, you're gonna have to have two things. One is a good seed.
 
 Right, It has good attributes. And then you're gonna have to have a good environment for it. Is the soil of the right one, what's your ph level, all of us good nutrients put in it Is it in a place that has tons of sun? How much an exposure or not? The climate are gonna be cold, not not.
 
 You can have some beautiful tomatoes in the Middle Siberia. Last time I checked. So same thing here, you know, Mo mohammed noble lau in for peace, said, poor people are bonsai people, They're were same people. If you put them in the normal natural a friendly habitat, where we can thrive, they become the tallest treat in the forest. Poor people are bonsai eye people.
 
 So you see that tiny pot you put around the bonsai three, that's the tiny part that's created by giving me such a hostile business environment. That basically we're put together by the set of laws that you have put but basically, I have to jump through as a business person practicing business in my country. If you turn that environment into a friendly environment where I am not married to my employees. I have flexibility of the labor laws are simple straightforward clean where the tax code is very simple. It's not worth truckload loads of flaws, like in my country it's so complicated.
 
 You have to hire a Cpa, which costs more money. And even them tell them, girl, we're
 
 Magatte Wade: gonna make some mistakes. We don't... We don't talk to me like that. It's... You know, they don't have call.
 
 They shouldn't but but better not. But they say what... Whatever
 
 Magatte Wade: been say. I'm was like of the scared. You know. You know They're like, we're gonna... But bottom line is we're gonna make mistakes.
 
 This thing is so complicated gonna I make mistakes, so which means my ass is on the line. Yeah. So anyway, so So if the tax code was so simple straightforward, Like it is maybe in Texas, where up till a threshold, you owe me nothing. Go online five minutes fill out your taxes, you're you're compliant keep bring... Keep building your business with because that's what we need from you.
 
 If you made it so easy, and straightforward, then, you know what? That's when you get all of these people, Likes, what you're talking about saying, you know what? My name is... I and I leave in the middle of Nowhere Senegal, but you know what I've got this great idea which just for Really hot nice hot sauce, but I know the Americans a a lot. I'm hearing but hot sauce is a big thing.
 
 Let me bring it to them. But everything is there for you to jump into the ring of entrepreneurship. You don't have to know someone like My god. You don't have to even have the ability to sell yourself maybe like I can, sometimes you are someone with a great idea, you're willing to work hard for it and poor everything you've got into it, Guess what? It's there.
 
 You can get into the race.
 
 Lex Fridman: You can be a dream and you can be a dream in a rural little village and then to that has ripple effects throughout the entire country, young kids growing up. You know, I wanna be the next x. Yes. Whatever. And it doesn't have to be you know, the next steve jobs that that seems really far far away.
 
 Magatte Wade: All levels... It's at all levels. You you create local heroes because because because representation matters. Yes. Right?
 
 So... And we are so badly in need of that. And so so that's what all the things that have been stolen from us as long as things remain the same. So next once I found out, but basic at the end of the day, the answer is economic freedom. And that when it comes to that, the index is academic indexes indices that measure that whether it's between business index ranking of a world bank over, economic Freedom index, of the heritage foundation.
 
 When you look at all of those indexes and offers, what do we have in common? One after nav show you That it is harder to do business in almost anywhere Sahara in Africa than it is per s. Anywhere in Scandinavia. So it is telling you that scandinavian nations that socialist Americans tend to love so much take as an example over there to they're showing you that they don't understand what's going on really in Scandinavia. That is more capitalist, Scandinavian nations on more capitalist than almost any sahara african nations.
 
 Lex Fridman: Ultimately, the political systems actually don't even matter nearly as much as the private sector being able to operate the machinery of capitals.
 
 Magatte Wade: There you go. There you go. There you go. And it's almost like like I said, it's almost like it's only to widget within within it. You can have whatever type of society you wanna practice you wanna exercise at whatever level you want to.
 
 But if you're serious about becoming a low a middle to high condition. There is no other pathway that we know of at this point. And you know what made me super excited about that beyond having finally found my answer. I have to tell you what I found at Emperor, I literally fell to my knees. It was a...
 
 The type of feeling that You know if something is not well with you, whether it's physical or mental, something is not well you're not well. And you go around and you go to the so called specialist. Some of them, you know, you going around for years going around, trying to get help for your element. And here we don't know. Here, we tell you things that you can't tell why but you just know it's not true.
 
 There they're that, and it's it's going on for years after year after year. And finally, you meet this one person and boom. It's there. Not only the liberation, but also this whole new world that comes with it. You know I'm still I'm still ill, but guess what?
 
 There's a path forward. We know that. I'm gonna have a lot of work to do. And there's hope.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah.
 
 Magatte Wade: Right.
 
 Lex Fridman: You're the the beacon of hope actually. For a lot of people in that part of the world, and that's those are really necessary. So not only is there hope but you can become I mean, the beacon for your people, your your your home, this this power that you see that you feel all around to become to escape the feeling of being trapped. Is there a device you can give? Yeah.
 
 To people that to young girls and boys, dreaming, somewhere in Africa. How to change the world.
 
 Magatte Wade: That's right. And by the way, I wanna say, there are bigger beacon. There better beacon i've than me. I just happen to be someone who has the chance of talking to do right now. And one of my goals is to open the same doors that were open for me because together, our voice There's such amazing stories out there.
 
 And so bigger beacon because better beacon out there. One thing here for me, the reason why I do what I'm doing right now, and it's almost to a point of self destructive my own health. I feel invested with such the mission of I have been afforded with truth. So it is my moral duty to try to take it around. I know I sound people's so numbers say, what I just enjoy I feel like I'm I'm talking to a to a priest.
 
 And I'm like, because the gospel. So anyway, but the thing is Le who tells you these things? To vi day, When they talk about the poverty of Africa? What did I talk about? This grand telling you, Oh yes because of communism it's because of racism.
 
 It's because of imperial, it's because we're stealing, you know raw material. Blah blah blah. Is is any of those cope you know, like guilty to some level of where we are today one of maybe part of a reason where we are today, Maybe maybe, is that the only reason or the overwhelming reasons, know is that i'm so, absolutely not. So for me don't stay in that place of that steals and rubs you of your agency. So so I think it's important.
 
 For people to e at the right diagnosis as to why we are where we are, because what you and I just talked about, the mainstream does not talk about this. When they even talk about Africa in terms that, you know, are not usual suspect of, oh, famine is building over there, wars being a over here. Oh, we're having... Ebola coming all of a stuff. Even when they were talking about the monkey parks, which at first, you know, in this wave, it started with white people in Europe, Well, even in the many newspapers you pull out it's black people, which make monkey on their on their skin.
 
 I'm like, wait a second. This time around we it did not start with us. So while we... Oh you're always showing us when it's right now happening to white people, You know? So so all of that is happening.
 
 So for me, the thing is we the world simply right now does not have for right diagnosis as to why this continent right now despite all of it reaches because Lord knows it's got riches starting with its young population. Seventy five percent of a population make countries below the age of twenty five years old. So when we're talking, I know we're talking about, you know, you know, it's it's important. We're gonna have to go for that. Maybe you get me going about climate.
 
 I don't know. But anyway. So here, my point is a, we need with right diagnosis as to why this continent is the poorest in the world. Despite the witch is starting with the young people, over natural resources, diversity in land, people, cultures, languages, everything that make but make for great ingredient for for awesome. Despite all of that, we are a poorest region in the world people need to know that the reason why that is it's because we also happen to be the most other regulated region in the world.
 
 At the end of the day with Africa as... And Dare to say, Africa here and treated as one, where fifty four countries fifty five depending on how you count yet, we almost for a tiny minority of these countries, we almost all lack one of the most crucial freedoms that they are, if you're serious about prosperity building, we lack economic freedom.
 
 Lex Fridman: And economic freedom is the thing that unlocks that human potential young people just...
 
 Magatte Wade: Yes. For them run to run with their ideas to start businesses or to start initiative. It doesn't have to be for profit all the time. Right? But it is it is it is this is this thing that gets you to get up and go and do something criticized by creating young people are naturally wired to wanna to criticize by creating they're not sitting around waiting or complaining usually unless you put them in a tiny box and they have no of way to go.
 
 Yeah. And in this situation, what they do, you know, let's talk about pre Colonial Africa. Of four forever before slavery ever happened. There were black people in the on the continent. You see, when we talk about the story of black people and Africans, Africans, you know, black people in Africa.
 
 For most of us, even me, I noticed that unconsciously, it starts with slavery. But you're like, no, We were ever before. Before what men never said food, who will we. What were we're doing in our diversity? What academic systems were we running on?
 
 And then you realize but for most of them, they were free market and they were very much on the free trade on the free enterprise side. So even that is a reinforcement. This is the place where we do not understand our history. So proper diagnosis, Africa is a poorest region in the world because it happens to be the most regulated region in the world, lacks academic freedom. Number two, what do we do about that, we got become serious about reforms, economic reforms.
 
 So that we can become beacon of free markets. Just like the Asian Tigers that's what the asian tigers did. They had to become serious, Singapore, Taiwan, you know, South Korea, those guys had to become serious about the free markets. you know, when, you know, he's just like we gotta do something and he looked around and we realized at some point we got make these reforms. And he went on to that journey of reforms, making his country one of the most free market, you know, countries in the world, and Voila.
 
 The magic happened back in the, you know in the thirties of a stock market crash, and the great depression and everything, the world's And with all the eyes, but were told to to the world coming from the soviet union Stalin while a they were starving and dying other there but oh, no. You know, I mean, the durant was telling the world that down. Oh, no. No is going well. Nobody's dying when we know now and getting put prices based on this stuff.
 
 But then the world went on believing, but, oh no, cap failed. This is this this this, you know, crash that you had in the in the in in the stock market is proof this is what least stage capitalism produces. You guys always have your big ups and down. But that time it was so hard on people that they're like we're done with this. And at the same time we're told lies coming out of Soviet, but supposedly, the communism was doing just fine And at...
 
 You at the point where the free market concept almost died and it's, you know, the the the asian tigers who kind of helped, you know, bring that idea back to life. Right? Their success having used the free markets. And so for me, we gotta have we gotta make a a new commitment to a free markets on this continent if we wanna go anywhere. If you wanna go anywhere.
 
 Lex Fridman: And the timing is perfect because the young people, there's a there is a kind of freedom for the revolutionary free markets in small space.
 
 Magatte Wade: Exactly. And by... You said something oh, Say that again. Because I wanna tell you what I'm hearing in because something's really cool. Say it again.
 
 Come on. I don't know which part. You
 
 Lex Fridman: said was is my second what was too.
 
 Magatte Wade: No. You said. You said there's something revolutionary. Yeah. In in in that, because you know how young people are attached a revolution, and how you know yeah.
 
 I understand. Look, look like I understand, and I am willing to give the benefits of a doubt to some of these socialist who who came to it because they had to witness some of the horrors of, you know, of their times. You know, there's a
 
 Lex Fridman: revolution behind that. It's ultimately Yeah criticized by chris.
 
 Magatte Wade: Exactly. Exactly. But violent revolution is never the answer. But that's what they went for in eighty nine in France and know french revolution. And then and you know, marks and engels, you know, they're promoting these ideas that usually for them justifies violent revolution, then in all of these people, the...
 
 I am with them when they say that they want to see equal rights for people. Of course, I don't agree with there. Therefore, we need to push for equal outcomes. Yeah. It equal write is right, but comes is not.
 
 Right. So but I am with them for all the way to equal rights, but this is where the two paths go this way, And also they're they're they're none the fact that they have no issue with violent revolution. And people get killed you know, people get put in Good acts and people get... That's not right. So what you just said here, just give me Gu because there is revolution in the free markets, but that's the type of revolution we want.
 
 But membership that comes from people creating, criticizing by creating is one of the best forms of revolution If you ask me, that's the most sexy way of revolution. Pretty criticize by creating. Yeah. But what you're gonna go shoot people or be like what's his name? But C who tells you, I love it's in writing.
 
 I love nothing more of and fry the the brain of a man with his gun, really?
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, in terms of sexy, there is power in that message of the op the abuser, the enemy that has abused their power, they need to be destroyed and there's powering that in the message of that violence. Unfortunately, the lessons the history showed that the violence one doesn't work, but it does... Does the following. There's something about human nature as the old cliche goes that power corrupt and absolute power corrupt absolutely. Is the people who are in charge of committing that violence it does something to their head.
 
 The first person you killed, the second person you kill, For some reason, you lose your ability the compassion for other humans. Even if you began as a revolutionary as the soviets did fighting for the worker, for the for the rights and the the basic humanity of the people that really do the work. You lose you lose the plot somehow because of the violence. So in that way, it seems like the lesson... At least of this part of the human history, until the robust they go is that the economic freedom free markets and protecting those and allowing the anyone from your country to dream and to make that dream a reality by creating it with as few sort of roadblocks as
 
 Magatte Wade: possible. Exactly. So so that's why for me. The message is very clear is what we talked about today. The reason why I forgot the poorest in the world is because it happens to be the most other regulated region in the world.
 
 And for some people who might be, you know, put off by it because they're like oh was just unless it's there. No. Let me put it maybe in a way that you can understand. Do you think that it should be as easy for any person in Africa for any at enterprise, then it is for any person in Scandinavia to enterprise. If your answer is yes, which I would hope it is then you have a moral obligation to work with me to make my country and as a whole my continent, more free markets.
 
 It's that simple. At that point, there's no like, yes. But on the other hand, u. No. And for me on a question, and I've yet have to find somebody who claims to say, no.
 
 If you say, no, then we have a whole of a problem, I'm not even talking to a but point anymore. So...
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. So just to clarify, you know, there's a perception in some reality that Scandinavian countries have elements of socialism and their politics and their society in there even in the economics. So at the very least, Africa should have in terms of economic indices should be as free as the skin naming countries. You're just giving that example...
 
 Magatte Wade: Yeah. Yeah. Because if Scandinavian, they do have a a subsidized, you know, like a welfare system, but what a more socialize welfare system. But the way they make their money is very very much for way of free markets. So very how you make your money and then there's how you maybe decide it's as as as a country to distribute it.
 
 Right? And so even there even in the in in Scandinavia, Again, yes, they have more academic freedom. So when from there next, where we go is my job and my goal is for every single African, young and old. To know, what I have come to learn. We are not doomed.
 
 It's not over for us. We will never catch up. The time for catch up is gone, but guess what. We've got a strong strong possibility and chance to leap frog. And Leap frog, we will.
 
 It is still time. But for that to happen, like I said, we need to know what we just talked about today because that is not what the mainstream keeps us at breast with. When you go to the world bank, they don't nest necessarily work along these lines. They're still... It's it's not...
 
 When you go to universities, I will ask you, Mit, the Mit com department or even some most of our professors are a free market oriented. We find that us often oftentimes in academia, there there is a strong anti capitalist bias. There is a strong anti free market bias. So this is a problem. This is a problem.
 
 Lex Fridman: Nobody cares about the economist
 
 Magatte Wade: anyway. Funny we.
 
 Lex Fridman: In Mit, the spirit of the entrepreneur burns bright. Not in the economics department because they just write articles, but in the dreamers, the young undergrad that actually build some thing.
 
 Magatte Wade: Now I get that, but then we cannot be s their efforts. Yes. By putting these artificially made regulations and laws, but then clipped their wings. So so that's why when you were saying, what what advice you give to them? The advice I give to them is each one of them, they have to pay attention to this...
 
 To business scores we just had. I don't ask anybody to agree with me on face value. Go back. Do like I had to do. I come very much from the left of left if you can believe that.
 
 But I had to have my own intellectual journey. And in this case, my intellectual Journey was very much complimented by my own life. Having to build these companies. On two separate continents and having to I was I had front seat of the differences. At first I thought it was this way just because we poor then therefore we messed up and therefore, it's like this.
 
 But eventually, I learned that, no. We're poor because we lack freedom and if the country allows its citizens to be freedom to enterprise then they become rich. So I had it upside down you see. And so it's important for people to know that, So number one, know your facts, because your facts will empower you. In this case, I like to use that word.
 
 Facts will empower and they will even furthermore they will power you, and empower and power you because in power is like inside and powers I can push you forward and up, So that's what it does to know the facts. And then go on and look around you. Where are the best practices of it? Who is at the cutting edge of a free market? Where's done in a way there people don't naturally necessarily be left behind or anything like that.
 
 We we're in twenty twenty two for quite sake. We don't have to do entrepreneurship but same way maybe was done fifty years ago, a hundred years ago when as a community as a people, we were maybe less enlightened because of our times. Right? We can we can update this thing and move forward but update is definitely not build back bill back. When do they call it build back new or whatever they're calling it F, you know, like, whatever whatever nonsense know, stuff their smoking over there.
 
 Yeah. It's not bad. Where there are some principles that are universal and that standard test of time. Those we have to keep and on top add the new things we learned from from our times and from life. So that's what I want them to know.
 
 Learn new facts, be empowered empowered. And then look around, think about the... And look to see where the best practices are around the world because the world is yours. You might be African, but the world is yours. So stop this nonsense of...
 
 Oh, well, it's done by white people so we're not gonna do it. Get the best that exist in humanity for what you're trying to solve. And on top of that, put your own twist. Right? Bitcoin is all of ours to take.
 
 Bitcoin is not the white man's thing so therefore for all because you know, we have misguided pride. We're not gonna use bitcoin because it's white man tap. Bitcoin is m it it. Math is universal, so it belongs to all of us.
 
 Lex Fridman: There's no color.
 
 Magatte Wade: Exactly.
 
 Lex Fridman: In in the space of economics. Yeah And space
 
 Magatte Wade: ideas.
 
 Lex Fridman: Ten, there's a chance leap frog
 
 Magatte Wade: too. Exactly.
 
 Lex Fridman: Which is really, really powerful.
 
 Magatte Wade: Exactly. Because here, we will leap frog. And let's... I'm not crazy business this is gonna happen. You mark my words, but it's gonna happen.
 
 If as many people hear what we're talking about today, because at some point, The solution is not gonna come. It's not me. It's not... But it's gonna come from a wisdom of a crowd. This is why I love the crowd.
 
 There's no better wisdom in the crowd and that's also why I believe in the free markets. This concept of emergent order. There's no way. There's no central planning. That is smart in enough that has travel if intel that treat love people have.
 
 Trying to create something. It's just... We just have to be humble. There's just something at the bottom of a pyramid that just bubbles up and happens, they're the best
 
 Lex Fridman: I think the cy, the idea that people are dumb is at the core of a lot of things that prevent the flourishing of society. You know, this kind of anecdotally people are like, yeah. Everyone stupid and people say that joking. But the reality is people are incredible. They have the capacity for kindness for love for innovation for brilliance in all kinds of dimensions.
 
 You might be you might suck a math but you might be amazing at carp. You have to find that thing, and there's something about when there's a freedom to find that thing and people interact to get excited about shit together and then they they build. It's... If you look at authoritarian at places that limit that freedom. At the core, I think is the idea that people are dumb.
 
 Let us take care of everything. Will come up with the rules and the regulations because people are too dumb to manage things themselves. And that... And then that idea builds builds on top of itself, where you think that there the entire populace is much lesser than the the wise sage is sitting at the top then you add violence on top of that and the least the corruption to corrupting of just the human mind of the leaders and. The whole thing is becomes a jam mess.
 
 The antidote that is economic freedom.
 
 Magatte Wade: But people would have a freedom to enterprise. And look, like, when we allow for that to happen, have you looked to run lately and look at the level of niche that has happened in this country. I mean, you have clubs where you do have places where people are only to be tar drinks, you know like some of like it's it's all about guitar springs. And offers it's all about these best cupcakes. And others it's all about this this new crypto thing over here.
 
 And over like hair. Best... You know, we... It's... When you allow us because seven billion geniuses.
 
 Each one of us I believe came to this world with something. Something that only he or her possesses. And that is genius and it is their contribution to the human problem.
 
 Lex Fridman: When you think about your identity today, Mh. So it's all started in Africa just like you did for the entirety of the human species. There's a bit of european flavor in there. A little little French. So valley, you're now.
 
 In part a t mh there's... Here. You really are in American. So... But you're also an African.
 
 Mh. Who are you? When you look in the mirror when you think about yourself when you listen when everything think gets quiet and you listen to your heart. Who are you is... Can you figure out that puzzle?
 
 Magatte Wade: That's a very interesting question because It's been a long time. I haven't asked myself. I have before. What I have found is I think who I am today has been for sure shaped by... I call it paris of.
 
 So it got senegal, patty and so francisco primarily. And now, yeah, I think I might wanna ask there's some little bit of text
 
 Lex Fridman: How do you say Texas and French? Fix.
 
 Magatte Wade: Success.
 
 Lex Fridman: Now So Austin texas. Texas.
 
 Magatte Wade: Texas. Quite good. Texas.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Yeah
 
 Magatte Wade: yeah. Yeah. So you... I was formed by those three. I have to say that What I enjoy from my Senegal roots are our commitment to peace love intolerance.
 
 Very much. And Tar, obviously. And I like that it's a culture that's very much about reverence. It's we're big on reverence. I don't think you could ever hear me tell an older person, especially not my parents or my grandma anybody like that.
 
 For us to be able to tell an older person, that's not true or your lying never cross my mind. Because that's the most disrespectful thing you can think of, but most irrelevant when you can think of. It doesn't mean that you have to agree with everything that said. But there's a way to disagree. There a way to push back.
 
 That doesn't have to rob this person, who happens to be old especially from their dignity for dignity that older age normally provides.
 
 Lex Fridman: And there's wisdom to the awards that you yourself may not absolutely See. So the reverence
 
 Magatte Wade: is
 
 Lex Fridman: for the idea of wisdom of of tradition.
 
 Magatte Wade: Exactly. Exactly. And again, so that is something that I really enjoy especially and something i'm very attached to to this day. And then from France, what I had to... What I really came to enjoy of course is all the finalist.
 
 That one can find within French culture.
 
 Lex Fridman: The fine.
 
 Magatte Wade: You have a fine foods.
 
 Lex Fridman: Mean you mean like, intricacies that that, like the very Yeah.
 
 Magatte Wade: It's self sophistication in there. I mean, French language way. For example. I mean don't tell, you know, the releases is all of that super. It's it's it's it's it's exquisite.
 
 Lex Fridman: So the fashion, food.
 
 Magatte Wade: Fashion the food Mean, there's something to be said about all of that. And it's it's it's very beautiful. And I love also, even when I talk about fine this, it's like a meal is not about, like, this big thing. We put it in front of you. Yeah.
 
 But know smaller portions enjoy what you're eating and spend time at the table. Like, the eating time is not necessarily just function of feeding yourself, which I understand it. But for... This something that this share with with culture, is eating is a moment of comm. It's a moment of friendship.
 
 Family, it's it's it's a it's a precious moment. To this day, and my husband is American, we eat our meals together all the time. There's... I would not have it any other way. And there's is a prep time all of that stuff.
 
 It doesn't matter how busy I am, but we're doing it.
 
 Lex Fridman: Actually, to push back a little bit, it's interesting because... Yeah. The comrade over our meal it's a beautiful thing. Mh. I I got...
 
 I mean, I was in a pretty dark place because on the way to Ukraine. I traveled to Paris and stayed paris. I wasn't able to enjoy the fine. Because there was almost a distraction from her humanity for for some reason to me because there's such a focus on the art of it all. Mh.
 
 You lose the basic connection the humanity. Now that said, What you're talking I think some of the lack of connection over humanity was the fact that while I didn't know how to speak French for a long time. I've forgot most the language. And so part of it, there is a barrier. You said hospitality.
 
 There is a bit of a barrier in French culture to wear in order to be welcomed in. You have to you to hear the music and be able to play the music of the people. And if you don't, there there's a bit of a barrier.
 
 Magatte Wade: I must admit on that and but it is true. You would feel less fat with... If you were the group of people per s, Or I would even say a group of of Spanish people. And I think this has this maybe this the other side of it for the French people, they pick can be a little bit you know, up there. And I think maybe that's what you're sensing there.
 
 If you don't have the codes, which is what you call them the if you don't think the music, then it's hard for you to be part of it. But I was speaking here from the standpoint of you're in. Yeah. From the. Yeah.
 
 Yeah. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: Also, Come on. Come coming from Texas in Also Ukraine, Ukraine, I should say some of the best steak and meat of overhead. Cheap Texas, some of the greatest. And... The the the size of the meals in in France, it's like, what are we doing here?
 
 I I... It was... I get it... I get it's art. But I'd like to look at my art on the wall.
 
 Magatte Wade: No. Okay.
 
 Lex Fridman: And then eat damn steak
 
 Magatte Wade: Did you go... So maybe... Okay. No. No.
 
 No. No. Okay. Now here, I have to defend the. Sometimes I'm the worst.
 
 Yeah No. You did you go to some michelin star restaurant maybe. That's why a little bit... Because next time you go to friends. I'll take you to the countryside.
 
 Or any French home. They will serve you multiple times. I mean, you're by time you're you're done, even if it's, you know, the proportions are smaller, if it's more if you want to, but because that's way you get a chance to really you know feel what you're eating and then have more and then no of stuff, but that'd be like I'll this. And then, you know, but, no, You're eat plenty, but it's because you went to the michelin places where without like
 
 Lex Fridman: I'm sure the warmth and the people there. It it's almost makes me sad that sometimes, I think to properly be in a place really should spend a long time there.
 
 Magatte Wade: Yeah. And
 
 Lex Fridman: also be emotionally ready. Again, that was emotionally unavailable. I just say...
 
 Magatte Wade: I would imagine way to be ukraine. Who can think about food.
 
 Lex Fridman: But in your identity, a bit of Texas, but of San francisco.
 
 Magatte Wade: Okay. Yeah. So. Mh. And I guess, from America.
 
 The defining but defining, I think for me for America is it's the freedom and the entrepreneurial mindset. See very quickly when I moved from France to the United States and I started becoming successful in the United States, I found myself me and my husband, he was French, and my first husband who passed away. We found ourselves at some point, we stopped talking to our friends in France who stayed in France. Because we were talking to them about things that were so outside of their their their comprehension. What do you mean?
 
 You're in your twenties And, you know, you just raised... I don't know, a million dollars or two million dollars especially from in those days today, you know, it's easy here and there.
 
 Lex Fridman: So even more friends that spread didn't burn quite as inspiring.
 
 Magatte Wade: I mean i mean don't take me wrong. Do you have some entrepreneur people in France? Yeah, But to the level that you have it in the Us. Absolutely not. It's just I mean, in France it's still very much you know.
 
 You're born in this area. You're go to school in that area. Your parents leave around. Eventually, you'll marry and be where your parents or maybe go to where spouse's parents are, and you buy your house and you buy it once and you're not gonna do like the Americans two your I sell my house, I go somewhere else. You don't have any of...
 
 Anyway, what do you mean? You know? Like, just stopping from nowhere where? You're gonna do a bit. You're gonna do what start of business and you have nothing to back you up or whatever.
 
 Oh, and even this idea of, you know, going and fundraising this venture cap, especially back in the days, venture cap, All of that is this it's very American. We take for granted, but very rare. Who would have made a bet on me in France? The same person, I would not have found the same people. I would never in france have been able to raise it, you know, some was thirty two dollars for my first business, never would have haven't able to do that in france.
 
 And it doesn't mean that french people are bad, people anything like that. It's just something that's just not so in the culture. Right? Just like this whole concept of phil, It's not the french people don't do phil, but America is very different from the level and also the magnitude of maybe what different french people doing also they have his always, like always do it behind the scene. Money is suspicious, You know, success is just suspicious.
 
 So at some point, my husband and I just felt like friends actually were maybe thinking that work maybe some drug dealers or something. So we just stop because it just was not flowing anymore. And so So yes. In America, I found I found this this inter entrepreneurial spirit, but then I was able to link it with something that I'm very familiar with in my country. See, back home in Senegal, I'm part of this, you know, You have a nicolas call the movie.
 
 I'm a moving. So what it is is one of the four brotherhood in Senegal, is the most influential of them and the biggest one, And us it's all about entrepreneurship as well. I mean, of course, there's a whole religious part. And but Our mantra is pray as if you will die tomorrow and work as if you will never die. And the way we say the way somebody will save somebody passed away, we say somebody has retired.
 
 Somebody has retired from their work. Right? Beautiful. Right. So so so I think it's funny because In in that community, we very much entrepreneurial you know, left own devices entrepreneurial.
 
 But then what happens is the minute people start going to they're being educated through education system you know, like the French especially system, but tend to breathe more like an over French bureau mindset, then you can see all the entrepreneurial mindset kind of starting to d all down. So it's kind of very interesting. So in a way America helped me reunite with that side of my of my roots where America tells me reinforce this side of my roots and also gives me more tools to practice that side of my roots if it makes any sense.
 
 Lex Fridman: Through all of that that's what brings out the heart of a c which I think is a beautiful beautiful thing that encapsulate that whole trajectory, which I think is the best possible answer. Anyone could give... Makes me want to really think about who I am because you really have brought together so many cultures within yourself. Like just talking to you makes, you feel like we are just all one people
 
 Magatte Wade: because at the end we are. And then we are. And, you know, when you come from... Again, we are and also I think for me, if people can take anything from my story, it's at the end of a day. I am very clear about it and I'm all for harmony among people then among among us people's.
 
 If we can accept that were... I know we some so cliche some so true, but we're all humans. You know when I left Senegal, when I was about to leave senegal for the first time, and to go to Europe to be reunited with my parents because now they had emi immigrated and things were gonna be fine and I was gonna be things were stable for them. Now like it's time to be reunited with her. They brought me over, but before I left senegal, my grandma sat me down.
 
 She actually she lowered her herself down to my level and she said, say, My, you're about to go to this place where most people will not look like you. And most people speak a language gonna be different from yours. And you gonna realize that all the kids are going to school and you never been to school because, you know, I was like I said, a free gate and I was just living my life. And she said but, I don't want for any of that and she sold her words that I don't want for any of that to intimidate you. She said you can be impressed by some of it if you want, but no intimidation.
 
 And she said because the fact that they might be different from you. Yeah, they're gonna have a different color from you, but it is still human skin. You're human very human. And said this language you're gonna to speak? It's a different language from yours.
 
 But it is still a language for humans speak. You're human human, therefore, you could speak it. And lastly, they have gone to school, going to school what little humans do. You're a little human. So it will you me just fine.
 
 And I went and grandma was right. Right which was right. And that helped me And I think when you internalize that so early on, it just makes you belong to the human family that you're part of. I am part of a human family. And I would have no problem going to Russia, example.
 
 Let's dig and be totally open maybe don't go right now. But no. Not now. Maybe not now you're right. But please
 
 Lex Fridman: don't bring weed if you go go on the
 
 Magatte Wade: plain. No. No no. No. No.
 
 No. No. No. Yeah. Right.
 
 That girl. I don't know what she was thinking. But Yeah. No. So...
 
 But what I'm trying to say next is... I feel like I can go anywhere in the world, including some of the most un unfriendly places in the world to someone like me because there are places like that.
 
 Magatte Wade: Yeah. And yet, I know. I know that somehow somewhere someone will take care of me. Someone will help me. When I first came to this country, i I I came
 
 Magatte Wade: as a tourist and But you know, you had his amazing family who had business, a family business in Indiana, Columbus indiana. The, Cameron El Wen. I owe everything that I
 
 Magatte Wade: have in this country, but I am in this country. They are Americans in mid America from a place that most of Americans would maybe, you know, look down on because,
 
 Magatte Wade: you know, some people would be like, oh, you're going to this place where they have more churches and cows than people, you know, that type of behavior. Because, you know, the elite the coastal elite, but it is in Midwest in the Midwest that I found that I black young women coming out of nowhere, found support. They all rallied around me. I didn't even come from the same faith as they are from yet the whole church rallied around me. To find me an apartment.
 
 My host family found me gotten me a job, and it was not pretty job. They were like, we need we are in serious needs of getting our accounting in under control. And our marketing and all of that and I had to catch up years of accounting, like two percent and come up with marketing all of that. And I did it way faster than they thought I would ever be able to do that. At some point, they look at me and they're like, look, you there the future for you.
 
 And we are too small for that future. And now we could be we could be selfish and keep you here with us and we wouldn't we would want nothing more than that because we'll they like my parents to this day, I just came back from seeing them. And they said, but there's so much more for you and we don't have it. So we want you to go in find out what it is. And that's when I, you know, because something was brewing up in in San For Francisco when I say, I left my heart in south For Francisco.
 
 Because, you know, my my for man would become my husband. We went to the same business school in France, but then he was older than me, so he had come to san Far francisco and started a business there and just looked like there was something there in scar was like you gotta go to so forth. It's going to find out with emmanuel what's going on. My Back I'm like, okay. I'm leaving.
 
 Here's a case of my apartment. Come out of here. So no but so this is it. This is what I'm saying, especially in these times. When this country loves to dwell on, you know, you're bad because you have skin color.
 
 Here are people with a completely difference can color in mind, completely different faith in mind. Yet embraced me protected me, paid for my visa. You know, for my for my lawyer, do for my H, everything and also played emotional support for me and no one no one asked them to do that. They didn't have to do it. They didn't.
 
 So what I'm saying is and this has been the story of my life everywhere I go. Regardless of a hostility around me, You betcha that there's always always gonna be somebody who shows up for you. And somebody who at at the extremes of at the end pods of where you want who you are. And
 
 Lex Fridman: that tells me something. In the end we are good people. Most people are good people. And there's so much power to that the internal of this idea, the world just human. And there's human kindness all around us.
 
 I've seen it a lot where people internalize that and they're able to walk lightly amidst state.
 
 Magatte Wade: Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: And walk past it.
 
 Magatte Wade: Yes.
 
 Lex Fridman: And it it doesn't... It doesn't stick to them in a way that they build resentment and it para them. If they internalize that we're all just human. They can be in the just like you said in the in the worst places in the world for them.
 
 Magatte Wade: And someone somewhere that human magic touch is there.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Yeah. You'll find it. It find them.
 
 Magatte Wade: It well fine... Yeah. Yeah. And you know the other thing too like, this, especially in these times we're walking in. It is to remind yourself, I think this is where we all are called to practice more.
 
 More courage, I call it courage. It's the courage to show up with curiosity with empathy and with love. To me those three every antidote out to pretty much anything. Yeah. Curiosity didn't be in love.
 
 In the face of fear, can you can you show up with curiosity in the in the face of hate. Can you say I'm gonna I'm gonna engage with love. Even if I'm scared to death, and even if I'm pissed stuff to death by this, But can you do that? In in the face of just like you know, judgment or whatever. Can you show up with empathy?
 
 And I had just found that when you try to do that, you you engage very different parts of your brain, but that's proven by the way i have brain scientist, but you also can feel it in your body that you're engage in very different part of your soul. And so I try myself. I'm not always good at it. But it's a practice. But I tried to honor, which is curiosity empathy and love.
 
 Lex Fridman: As I told you offline, those... I agree with you hundred percent on that. But there is, you know, when you go to Ukraine, and and you can say you could speak about the power of love, but when you lose your family when you lose your home, all you have in your heart is hate, even if you know it, you're not supposed to have it. You still all you have is hey. So sometimes it's it's a very human thing to have resentment to have hate
 
 Magatte Wade: But it is... But it is about trying not to stay there. Yes. And it's okay if it takes you years. But it is about trying, and I'm and I in the word trying.
 
 It is about trying not to stay there.
 
 Lex Fridman: Let me ask you about some of the things you see in this country from your from your perspective of everywhere you've been in the world. What do you think about the black lives matter movement here in America that does struggle with the role of skin color today and throughout the history of this country and maybe even throughout the history of the
 
 Magatte Wade: world. Well, black lives matter has been a very hard one for me. Because do black lives matter. Those free words together in that order, what they mean may mean everything because black lives do matter. As any of lives do matter, but I know in this case why they say black lives matter because some of the context we have had.
 
 Now while I agree with the principles, but black lives matter, I have a big problem with the organization and what it stands for. When I have an organization that pretends to want to stand for black lives to matter, yet you are self proclaimed marxist socialist, I paused. Why? I paused and I'm like, have we learned nothing? Have we learned nothing?
 
 And reason why I say that Like because sixty some years ago, it started before even sixty some years ago. Black people in this case, I'm talking about the African people I'm talking about the black Africans who would go on to really cement this concept of African emancipation and African liberation And here I'm taking us back to nineteen forty five, it they were they had four of them before that. But in nineteen forty five, in manchester Uk happened something that would become major for for Africa and its future, especially Sahara Africa. In Manchester, Uk, people like Based of my country tanzania and offers and others from different parts of a continent got together with Marcus Garvey, and W e b Deb And I said, Dub dubai because of how we stayed in French, He has a french name. For name at least, and Americans would say so for Listening, I know you said to boy, but no.
 
 But there's just case like, we're talking about. That's what I'm talking about. So all of those people got together in the Uk. Yes. And with W dub wav and Marcus Garvey, big top African American intellectual of their times.
 
 The dub had so many things happen to him, you know, starting from north being more more or less a liberal type guy, you know, came to the south just to see at this time, you know, people black people being lynch and some of the body parts been shown in store windows. I mean, just for a second, we put ourself in his shoes. I put myself in his shoes. And that's when he started to become radical recognized. Right?
 
 Because at first was like, oh reforms because that. And I was like, darn it and a maybe people, we don't talk to him. We force, you know, And eventually, a little by things going through. Yeah. You you have best people they're very much on the Marx social is trained.
 
 Lex Fridman: So you think the lot the sort of... It's the political movements that are just using
 
 Magatte Wade: Yeah. Because what happened back in these days, it is true. But two their credit. Communist socialist were fighting for equal rights. They were fighting for the rights of black people to have equal rights.
 
 So of course, I could see why one could say, especially in this times. You're being lynch. Bodies is burnt. Body parts showcase that window stores. Meanwhile, in Africa, under colonization.
 
 In your own country in your own land. And You have his group but saying, we... Your fight is part of what we fight. Of course, you're gonna stay side with you. Especially if this is all happening at a time, Where...
 
 You know, so nineteen forty five, these guys who would be is of various African nations per meeting with Garvey with W b dub blah. And that's where pretty meeting is very important. It's the fifth African congress meeting. It's very important. It's could be the last one, but it's the most important one because that's when they formed their plans and and really rally they run this concept of African estimation and intubation.
 
 And African liberation, we're gonna to liberate our countries. Then later, so that's how always moving for it to to happen and from there, Gan was already making some progress with India, you know, getting them out of British rule and all of that. So all of this was happening in the really that this whole thing was bubbling bubbling. You know when I could there's like a new force going on. And then we are arriving in late fifties and, you know, crew with you know, v British as well, they might manage to become to become the their colonization is over.
 
 They the first one to go in fifty seven. Then from there, it's what we call the independence. But when most african recognition are getting the independence different dates, mine, April fourth nineteen sixty. So all over, so basically happening. Then now think about it.
 
 You're talking fifty seven you're talking to sixty. When I get... We like at this time now with the middle of a cold war. See... Because we have to put things in context.
 
 Wanna understand what's going on, because people ask me, why do you think... Because even now when they understand, oh, you're right, It makes sense. If you have no to make freedom, you're gonna be poor by why? Why why did they go for? Why did we go for?
 
 And they don't understand. So that's what happened. So beginning of day of times, Pre new Africans with free market years, free enterprise, it's pretty well recorded by someone like Georgia Yu, that's where I got the cheater I think from. And Economist. And then slavery happened, colonialism happened and then the independence is late fifties early six for most countries African most sahara African countries So there what you have is, but then what happened there?
 
 So I told you in forty five fifth African congress in the Uk with of Africa. Under the under the leadership because he was the the wise, you know, Eldest man. Dub i was? He was in his seventies back in the day. So he's older than them, you know, and he's started with all of these ideas and everything.
 
 So were like, so there we are. Now we never late fifty early sixties. We're starting to make progress with the independence, you know, India has gone there before. So all of that is starting to happen. And at that time, remember, they they already were being introduced to the concept of socialism marxism, all of that way before.
 
 By some of these, you know, black African American intellectual time who are very socialist marxist by that time. So now we're becoming independent because I do... I do independent like this because I I reckon that there's still neo going on. So, now this is happening. Be becoming free.
 
 But then you look around. What do you see? No. Most of these of nations become a president of nations. But remember what I told you, most of them have drunken, the social socialist, marxist socialism, c aid.
 
 So has these African nations become independent with the first independent governments and, you know, presidents. Most of them, most of them are socialist There forms the stat type of government. And this is because at that point, we had made a fatal mistake. Of going of saying, we are marxist to socialist because you guys fight for equal rights. So in this case, there should be no or anything like that.
 
 And so not only you have that going on and the people... So right now, you had this battle of ideological going on because on one end represented by freedom and the where you call it the economic system, they were using his capitalism. And these are represented by the Western nations, facing off with bloc, practiced various forms of stadiums, socialism communism, varies is from the state and these two are fighting for influence. So... And we also have it's also not...
 
 So two things there. One is we're at the time where, remember, a free market concept was almost dead. Almost dead. So almost every intellectual at that time was social marxist. Or market socialist I put name.
 
 That's what you were. So you in a world where it was the normal thing. It was just mainstream. Acceptance. So not only you have that force.
 
 But at the same time, if these two force of fighting one another, it turns out that the one representing capitalism and Freedom. Well sorry, but is it you who enslaved us and colonized us? And you're fighting with With the people who represent, you know, supposedly people who saying that who had been fighting for equal rights for us with us for the longest time. These are our friends. And that's when we made a fatal mistake.
 
 Because while, yes, they were maybe good things to agree on with marxist socialist of times, I... Especially, you know, equal rights for for all people and all of that. That's the only thing we should have among the only things we should have a agreed upon. They're violent revolution tendencies, no way. When it comes to the economic nonsense, no way, we should not have thrown the baby out with a bath water, but that's what we did.
 
 And that's when we made the fatal mistake. So then we became free, all of his nations, and most of them started with socialist or communist leaders, my country, socialist. He was a socialist. And they stayed in power for forty years. The first four years of our freedom years.
 
 And all over the continent more or less aspects what you had. And on top of that, something as a french don't know, the people don't know is France with its colonies, said, you cannot not do... You have to you have to keep the French french civil law. So we're talking about the napoleonic civil code. Are you kidding me?
 
 So that's what happened. So the reason why I go back to B is while I have all the respect in the world and all the compassion in the world for people like k for people like neo railway for people all of us people of those times, the liberated of Africa. What I have so much love, compassion for them. I am also able to say because I got the benefit of sixty seven years time and you know, where you get to to do a debrief and see what worked what didn't work. What happened?
 
 We have had those sixty years to look back and to reflect. So yes, I can understand why they did what they did. I can even I can understand why they sided with these people who on the surface or at least some part of a fight was the same fight as them when it came to equal rights. I can excuse them. But I will not excuse the B founders.
 
 Because that mistake was tolerable sixty some years ago. Today? No. But blacks of today cannot be serious about black lives matter and staying in the same sentence, and we're gonna be socialist marks. Marxist socialist.
 
 It this doesn't work.
 
 Lex Fridman: So the B movement is too deeply integrate it with with the.
 
 Magatte Wade: Yeah. Their anti free market. Anti capitalist, and we do know that you have to have the free markets in order to build prosperity and prosperity means economic power. If you have economic power, no one messes with you. Or if they're gonna do it, They're gonna have to think twice.
 
 And when they do, they're gonna have to pay consequences. So if you if you want for blacks to be expected anywhere in the world? You gonna have to be serious about black prosperity. All masks. Not just a few people who probably hearing somebody a.
 
 No. We as a group have to be a critical mass prosperity. Across the board. And because we talking Chris a critical mass of prosperity across the board, it mean back to everywhere in the world. But guess what?
 
 We in Africa happen to represent ninety percent of a representatives of a black race. So you're gonna be serious about black black lives matter, had series for Africa the one billion people in Africa black. And for them to have access to a free markets, and yes fossil fuels so that they can rocket, you know, up prosperity wise.
 
 Lex Fridman: And the resources of the young people, the young minds.
 
 Magatte Wade: So but all of these young people young minds can finally manifest their greatness, but I know we have. And that they're showing you us every everyday despite despite the obstacles. That's what we need. Senegal becomes rich. And the girl can become and will be rich in France.
 
 For colon singapore it, we can do it. Male which Now nigeria witch functioning as well. Malawi Rich, Tanzania which you uganda down rich is zimbabwe which, Rich, everywhere which prosperous as prosperous if not more prosperous than than when switzerland to. Or Singapore or the Us. Don't know times or Luxembourg, places that have no, you know, resort natural resources.
 
 We become rich and you watch the world having a very different relationship with us. That's the only time. We will any type of respect. That's when people even are a common psyche will change even about black people. All of the stereotypes has that they have of us is gonna melt away.
 
 And you may still not like us. But you will still respect us because we are forced to be to be
 
 Magatte Wade: dealt with.
 
 Magatte Wade: And only economic power does that. They would be nice, of course for us to respect people because there people. It would be nice, but let us not kid cells. This is this is earth. And someone said, you know, nice people will make it to heaven, but not to harvard necessarily.
 
 Lex Fridman: It's interesting that Pity does not ever turn into respect. It be nice if it did.
 
 Magatte Wade: It would be nice. But it doesn't.
 
 Lex Fridman: Prosperity pair.
 
 Magatte Wade: Is the only thing and the way we do that, there is no just like all of humans have to have to inhale oxygen and excel carbon dioxide That's a human way of breathing. You bring me on... But you're gonna be foolish and be like, oh, well, Sorry, that's how people breathe. So as black people, we're gonna have to do something different. Well, good luck with that.
 
 Lex Fridman: Right yeah.
 
 Magatte Wade: So this is here what I'm saying, I have no patient for black lives matter. They're making a mistake that was made sixty some plus years ago, even more than that. Maybe even a hundred... You know, when we were citing with a market socialist because they're the ones who've been fighting for equal rights.
 
 Lex Fridman: Let me ask you though. About racism. Do you as you travel through this world as you travel with through America? Feel the burn of hatred. You spoken about the revolutions that been fought throughout the twentieth century against racism.
 
 Mh. But today as people talk about educating, reminding the world with even with more philosophical ideas of critical race theory, for example. Do you think this is still a battle that that needs to be fought at the forefront of culture in the United
 
 Magatte Wade: States. Does racism exist. Yes, it does. But all forms of ism exist. Some people it's about very fun with metabolism.
 
 All very just about size And racism, yes is one of them. Does it exist yes it does? But Is it what's gonna stop anyone from manifesting the greatest potential? I say no. I say no.
 
 Many people in this country have showed it. Whether the African Americans or African African immigrant, I'm an african immigrant. You have African americans like oprah no others and other people even before her. Who despite the nastiness to around them we're able to make it. So we do know, especially as black people, but I think it's humanity as a whole.
 
 And that's what I love about the human spirit. It's resiliency. But resiliency only can happen if you don't allow yourself to be beaten down. And to lose your yourself of agency. It's...
 
 Of course, is just say been done. And some among us need a little bit more help to not to succumb for it than others do. And I've seen it. It's it might be harder for you. If you're somewhere in, you know, in a city, you know, you a, city, black America.
 
 Maybe the environment might be a little to bit tougher for you to try and get you act together and all all that stuff. And it's okay. But even in that situation, we need to I think it's important that we still do not rob you of your agency. And this is where I am mad as heck. Against those who supposedly care and their idea of how to make sure that I don't become victim of racism is through all the things we talked about the Crt, the anti racism crap of, you know, Abraham Candy and what's her name?
 
 Robin Dia. I mean, her... I'm I'm shocked. The woman is making all of this money. Supposedly fighting a war on our behalf.
 
 I'm like, lady, I hear you light loud and clear, but you are too racist. I know. But you told me you are. And for you to think that your racism and makes you less racist and it's that happens too. She...
 
 She she comes from a racist background. Find you saying it, it's true. But this idea that every walking in person on earth belongs to one category of the other depending on what to, you know, which color you came with. It's it's it's problematic at its root. So my point is Does racism him exist?
 
 Yes. Do you think it's gonna stop me from doing anything I have to do? No. Might it make it harder longer? Prop maybe, but it will not stop me.
 
 But for it not to stop me, I can't engage in Victim food mentality. I can't lose myself self. I I got... I gotta use all the agency that I have. To fight back and fight beyond.
 
 See, it's just soon just been fight back. You fight back and you find Beyond. Because at some point, yeah. And It's concept of yes and. So this why I have loved the job.
 
 So when I have somebody who is, like, oh, racism is the way we're gonna go and tell over black... All the white kids that you know, because they were happened to be white that they're really press and blah blah blah. And the black kids because they're black, you know, you're not changing anything when you're doing that. Nothing except but cause you're putting problems where were no problems start with. All we had to do was maybe go for a different route from there.
 
 Kids are kids. Kids are born kids and this i'm not sure if you wanna get me going on to the whole science of bias. Because it's something I spent years of my life on. And my journey on the science of bias started with the days of Cast castillo, Eric Garner that whole summer of twenty sixteen when we had this horrendous horrendous situation of black people being killed by the police where they shut before asking, and people left to die in the most inhumane way for the rest of us to watch from the social media. That's me, that's what my George woman happened.
 
 Not later or four years ago and the whole world is like, you know, So that set me on a journey of understanding what discrimination is and bias is And in a way, that's the reason why I started his company but I even called Skit skin. That's where it came from. Again, criticized by creating. I I I needed to understand what discrimination was. How does it work?
 
 Is it true what Ken is saying? Is it true what Angelo is saying? Is it true that But I... It could it could be that your bad... Your your race is just because of a skin color you happen to be born in.
 
 Is it true? Is it true? I I needed to know because I wasn't at the time of my life where at some point, you know, when when those killings were happening, it was so hard for me, being a black person in this country and wondering I mean what is this? And and what do we do with this?
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Is it true how much this discrimination am I operating under in the system?
 
 Magatte Wade: Oh, all of that...
 
 Lex Fridman: You to understand the full characteristics of if you're if you're dreaming of making a big change by building companies, you have to kind of intuit how much... What am I up against?
 
 Magatte Wade: What am I at the against? Right? And so this is why you know spend a of his time on some of the work. And then eventually, I understood that discrimination. If you wanted to understand it beyond It's, you know, beyond the the big lines of, especially the the clip lines would make it very black and white Then I had to really take a moment, and I spend time, you know, with a world of brain scientist with behavioral psychologist, with evolutionary biologist we have all of this ecosystem, but together form what we when might call the signs of bias.
 
 And especially, I came across the work of this team of scientists at the university of... I think it's Wisconsin and there only ones who made sense in the sea of nonsense back then. And this article wasn't political
 
 Lex Fridman: and
 
 Magatte Wade: it was saying something that I could relate to it. And eventually, what I learned was And this part comes from evo evolutionary biologist people. They... In a way tell you that right around age free, can happen sooner later because you know, we're all different. But you go from this person who has to rely on these other people, usually your parents to stay alive.
 
 To be fed to be house to even your diaper change, all of that stuff. Right? To now, something is kicking in. Where you have to... In order for you to survive.
 
 And this is all wired in. So you don't even understand it. Consciously as I'm saying it now, where in order for you to survive, in order for you to go from this state of dependency to another to the next step, to a next stage morning more more, you're gonna have to develop visibility to make sense of the world. And what's make sense of a world at this most basic level means is Can you determine if a situation or a person is good or bad for you? Failure and you need to be able to do so.
 
 Do so ever so quickly. Because failure to do to be able to do that, might means that you might not be alive for next second. See it's so wired in. So this process starting to kick in. And at that point, your brain is gonna be your best ally for that.
 
 And what the brain is gonna do is it's gonna help you and the way the brain works is through. It it it it works with for... If it's all wired for efficiency. And the way it it goes for efficiency is through automation. Meaning, but every time it has computed, and you probably know these things way better than me, every time it has computed one algorithm.
 
 It doesn't quite... It it doesn't want to do it again. So it's like this, okay. Got it. Stored.
 
 Stored. Right? And then it adds maybe some little of levels of complexity to it, but it has to be something new, meaning the new level of complexity for it to even be willing to reconsider. Otherwise, you have... So then all of a sudden what you have is these new rooms in the back of your head and they have created pathways.
 
 Right? So... And every time neurons have created pathway among themselves because basically, they touched And here is the pathway. Well this pathway in the world of the in the world of bias signs of bias, it's a habit. In general, it's a habit when they formed two pathways.
 
 Only they form a apart. It's a habit. So if we're willing to talk about unconscious bias because of course, it's very different from somebody who tells me to my face. There's no world in which you or i could ever be equal because you black and white, you're women of a man, is in that that people like that, again, one hundred one percent of psycho pass in our world, they're out there. Unfortunately, by the time, they do nasty things, it's pretty horrible and that's what all we hear about.
 
 But I'm talking mostly about the rest of us. Remember when I told you that most of us a good people, bumbling along, making it up as we're going. That's why I have compassion for human nature. Mh. So but really, In the morning when I wake up, do you really feel, but I'm waking up and fig?
 
 How am I gonna go girl? How am I gonna go kill legs? But it's guy this go down. He's man. He's don't take me i'm sure about a women who feel like that.
 
 But I'm not one of them and I do think a majority of us or not whatever. But you know, No morning, I'm waking on, Them i'm just like gee. Can I get my tea? Oh, my dog is not looking okay today, You know, we've got... Right.
 
 Lex Fridman: It's a lot going on is you're using these kind of... Just like you said brilliantly. The brain is has a bunch of simplification is built up yeah And and he uses those simplification to get through
 
 Magatte Wade: the stage. Stupid day. Exactly. So so then here you are needing to make sense of a world. And then the brain is your best aligned that.
 
 The way it's gonna do it is for efficiency, efficiency done through automation. So every time it thinks it's figured something out. It's never gonna think about it again. So that's how you build all of these habits of unconscious bias because everything... So It's somewhere along the line, you come up with the with the information that black men walking over with Hoodie equals danger.
 
 So later, what do you see? Whether it's like oh my god, I'm walking in the dark Alley. I see a black man with a hoodie. Maybe I'm gonna run away because I've been given that information. So the best way to think about it is the brain is a hardware.
 
 And and the software it runs on, is what do you call it is cultural imprint. All of this information that we're getting from for disney movies that you're reading, telling you that Cells or to be saved by the prints and all that stuff and girls wear pink or whatever. You know, you watch for movies and all the movies whenever you watch which about Africa, they're talking about the blood diamonds i've it talking to you about slavery over talking to about this and then know wonder you walk away thinking about all else of Africa a cause because of resource extraction the diamonds, or they're always fighting each other, look at... I mean in the movie, you know, or, you know, slavery all the time, you walk away and this is it. And we all the long same time you've that's beauty of it.
 
 All of us are. Because even some black people who are gonna claim, but they didn't business up when they registered, really? So the truth is so when I learned a little bit, I'm like, wow. Comes of if you've got the brain, you've got biases, it comes with a territory, but makes sense. Now it doesn't mean we we can't transcend that function of a brain and that we should it Right?
 
 But I think it's very important because once you understand that, a little bit more pieces is created among us. Because this is not about a black and white or a yellow and green issue. It's about we are human issue. And these are probably of things we have developed to, you know, to to to keep to to stay around Just like we no longer have to rely on you know flight, you know, like ability of a brain. Because bears over there start running and running fast.
 
 Right? Today, wherever bears. Show me where they are. But we have kept this tendency to go for fear fewer flight. I don't know how they said.
 
 And so we have this, you know, done by the stress. You know stress triggers but back in the days, we have a stress trigger we run and it's all, you know, expelled out. But today, we get triggers and we don't know what to do with it because Where do we run to? What do we do? Bureau the bear is that even here.
 
 So same thing here with that. And so when you realize there's this whole thing That is now we... What you understand is that this problem is not about anti racism bs, but it is about can each one of us do the work where the work is needed, which is we look inside. Can we go for his work of? This concept of a mindful practice of undoing the habit of bias.
 
 Lex Fridman: And that doesn't necessarily have to deal with the simple categorization or black and white. It's all kinds
 
 Magatte Wade: black. Think. It's about everything. And, you know, when I started on a journey and need my friend back then built you know this practice of undoing your habit of unconscious bias. We had all types of people come and say, well wow, I discovered with my bias against.
 
 Larger people. And I'm I'm like, what what do you mean? Well, i i think I it seems to be like I found that louder people maybe are are dumb. No. We heard things.
 
 And you know and you don't judge? Yeah. You don't judge. And so... And you see it's at every level.
 
 You know like I don't know, like, ver even this one friend. She was like, you know, when I looked into the whole dating thing, I absolutely didn't wanna have, you know, did asian men because she went... Her mind wasn't some stereotypes types about the size of whatever. And she was like, no. But you see you once you start because there's this whole thing of is the five step thing.
 
 Bias awareness. This on... Basically, At this level, what you're doing is you're learning to spot the biases in our culture, because that's where the cultural imprint comes from. You watching this movie you realizing like I said, Wow, I realized, once again, the black person is portrayed like, like the fuck of the movie. Or, you know, latino lady, this is how she's been portrayed, and you see it everywhere, even the Npr
 
 Magatte Wade: and P npr is happening, like you're listening to something like Npr. It's gonna be more liberal over than that. And this gentlemen is asking these two candidates. One of them is a woman, political candidates is a man. I'm hearing us they asking the lady a question that I know he's not gonna ask the man didn't ask car.
 
 He said,
 
 Magatte Wade: how do you... How do you balance... You know, you're raised with a family? Yeah. Does man have a family?
 
 Right there, you see, it's very subtle. Yeah. But you see. But because now my mind is kind of trained to see things. I'm like interesting.
 
 Or like, the media just says froze climate change issue on something. Mh. Without even the choice of words, So it's pretty much everywhere. You open a book everywhere.
 
 Lex Fridman: The interesting thing though, you mean even that man woman example, is I think it's really powerful to bring that bias to the surface, but not let that lead to kind of fear and paralysis. You should almost... I mean, that's where humor is make fun of it, Bring it to the surface, like, acknowledge the fact those things are part of the conversation. And a lot of them are... It is, you know, it's a cultural imprint because it's part of culture, and that might be.
 
 There could be, you know, I grew up in the in Soviet Union where the gender roles were stronger. Mh. And in other place. That's right. And that's part of the culture we have to acknowledge exact that that...
 
 This is how this is affecting how I think. You might exactly might like how that works when we might not, but we have to acknowledge it. And i'll and not get you know, make it part of humor make fun of yourself, you know, all that kind of stuff.
 
 Magatte Wade: That that's the thing. And so next that's why this first step is bias bias awareness, so you get You train yourself. Oh, yeah. Okay that was one, or it's, you know, and it's about it's in you. It's we're talking about two, not.
 
 And then from there, you're like replace the bias, like bias replacement, the then it is where you practice the empathy like g. Wow. I wonder how I would feel. Everyday I walk into a store. And the guy thinks he should be following me because maybe I can I might steal something because i'm black.
 
 Right? Because when when you try about to put yourself into the person's shoes, all of a sudden, something else starts to click. And then from there, you go onto making connection when you're making a connection, and then things start to change. Because now you... No you're making then you make cultural immersion.
 
 So this is where we had some people, like this one moment. She was very quite very feminist oriented. And she had an issue with women wearing baby job. And because for her was like, how come you? How come how come you...
 
 You you just lower it, you know like, how come? You're accepting this meaning of yourself, Not understanding everything else that comes with it. But through as she understood, but she even had that buyers. Then she went on through all the different processes, and then eventually when comes the next step, culture immersion, she started going to most during When the muslims are doing, you know, there it's the holy of, you know fasting and then we break at night And now she started understanding very different things and eventually happens the last step that happens naturally. Making a true real genuine connection.
 
 And this is where friendships happen. This is where method said, tobias can go home now because it has been challenged with reality. And understanding. And so for me, that is what I was after. And then...
 
 But then the world was just like, we don't wanna be told with part of a problem. So... But I still reckon that it is the type of mindfulness type of practice that's gonna to happen, and it's one that's very internal. To to to you. It is it is not and it happens everybody at their own pace.
 
 So all of this I take it back. To to... The racism, the question you were asking me. Just racism them exist yes it does. He's gonna stop me if I'm doing anything i want to do?
 
 No. It's gonna make it harder. Really. But this is where for anybody who is serious, about making sure about fighting racism. I think the only job you have to do is to make sure that people keep their sense of self agency and be can you help provide people with the tools to stand up?
 
 So this is why I have so much respect for Van jones. People like V on so many things, but people like miss Alice Johnson, she was pardoned by President Trump through the work of people like V jones and Kim kardashian and others. They all joined forces. This is a case where people of And and those folks then went on combined forces, furthermore, no no no regard given to their political belongings. They said if the issue is criminal justice reform, then anybody who stands for it has to come together.
 
 And so what did did in this situation with with... What they're doing criminal justice reform in my mind is a valid action to fight racism in my mind. Because what are you doing there? You're trying to get people out of jail who really have no business being there. And also when you have people like Bishop Omar and the people he passed away fortunately, But today, we have and lucky who was in jail for having killed his cousin, you know, he had started...
 
 I think he started via the the the the gang in south Dallas. So we're talking really tough guy who was the wrong side of of the equation. And then in in jail, literally, he found plato doh the cave and all that. So today, these people I'm like, why don't we hear more about them? The urban specialist because these people is not about the anti racism crap of Ken again until the calcium come home, but it is about we go where help is needed.
 
 We go in or... We we go in in urban, you know, inner city inner city black inner city neighborhoods, and blocked by blog which change the culture. And they say like that. It's their words. These are African American people who have as many rights anybody else to talk about their own culture, and they will tell you we have to change the culture.
 
 I have some some videos like that on my Youtube with Bishop Omar. What these people are doing is what we need to do. Bishop up works explain size. Sometimes people are... That the fit dip down in the mud.
 
 And what we have to do is to try to pull them up. And you cannot say you didn't pull them up because we're not seeing the head out yet, but how much how much progress have they made from the bottom to where they are now and keep going. So what I see these people doing, You see, I have so much... I I I love and respect Glen company, you know, and ian enroll in all those guys. I I love them.
 
 I I love a lot of the things that they say. You know, this whole concept of personal response we don't know that. But I'm just like at some point it also needs to be matched up. With real actions. Yeah.
 
 And that's what the people like Lucky, urban specialists, Alice Johnston are doing. They're going where it's hard. Alice johnson is getting people out of jail every single day, literally. And then people like Anton antoine Lucky and his team, are giving them tools to leave the gang life. To to be better people to go for life of redemption.
 
 This is happening right now. But what I find is they're not getting the bulk of your attention. Yeah But this is anybody who serious about this is how I would love to see people do racism. Is help lift people up for real action. Support support a school choice.
 
 Supports cold choice, black mama's are they know what's going on. And when they tell you, we want school choice they know what to talk about But not it is. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: Gives especially at a local level. Yes. Helping at the local level.
 
 Magatte Wade: Yes. So hope them make sure that they can take their kids out of these public schools that are doing horrendous things to them. You know, miss Virginia, Watch that movie, how could do not support black moms in this country to take the kids to safety when it comes to education?? How come not? That's what I want see happen.
 
 And not like some yeah. Let's go to some classrooms and everybody is white, you go over here. Everybody is a next day. You go be here and could let us tell you about this. No.
 
 No. No no. As a black person, I don't want you to do any crap. Let me grow my wings. Yeah.
 
 If you want help put some fuel behind them and let me take my flight. But all I'm asking for. The only way for you
 
 Magatte Wade: to do a four... That's the only way for you to be part of a racism battle, if that's what you think is the most important battle of for life.
 
 Magatte Wade: That's it. That's what I have to say about that. And so for me I'm keeping my head very straight. It's about what enables black people to thrive. I don't need for you to be an activist on my behalf.
 
 No. Because when you're doing that doing exactly what you've been doing to us, black people in Africa, whole life. I don't need your white to savior your complex because racism is. Quite say complex. That stuff doesn't work.
 
 It only works to make you feel better about how superior you are to me, but it does nothing. Absolutely nothing. To change my everyday life. If it is not if it is, at least in the African side to actually even change my you know, turn into somebody who's waiting for hand outs. So if they...
 
 I would encourage people to really those people whole really serious about wanting to be part of a solution, and I know there are many out there for the love of god and everything that's out there care about stop... It it's it's about think about what's gonna enable people. Maybe the word is wrongly chosen, but know what I'm talking about. They're
 
 Lex Fridman: given them give you them. Yeah. To spread their wings.
 
 Magatte Wade: Yes. Give it person... Yeah. Learn to teach your person how to fish and don't give them a fish. When you're putting your stupid signs in a lawn with black lives matter and all that crap, you're not helping.
 
 And when you're buying one more anti racism in book, or or or as a company, you know, financing one more D i, you know, if it done along those lines, I think we've got a problem. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: So you do think that the efforts of diversity, equity and inclusion are often not effective
 
 Magatte Wade: not only if not effective, but they also backfire and there are reports on all of us. And agenda day makes sense, It makes sense. So for me, I am very very glad that people have developed an enlightenment about this. Very happy about that. Very, but let us not keep going for the easy perceived solution to problems.
 
 Again, they've done this to us but poor people of Africa. They thought the solution was to give it does not work. And then they say, oh, we're gonna do a social social social entrepreneurship on you. Tom shoes one Pair of shoes and we give one pair of shoes to some people in in poor countries. And then guys what happened to us?
 
 You know, in the town where we operate in Senegal where have my little manufacturing, two we have two thousand little mom pop businesses and guess what they happen to be le? Shoemaker. Right? So yeah shoemaker, each one of them hires at least five, fifteen people do the math. Family new businesses.
 
 Guess what happens to them but they The tongue shoes truck shows up with bunch of free juice. Yeah. Can who can who can compete against free. Now all of these people, little by are have to close their shops because who can compete against free, because tom shoes dumping all of his shoes on them. And in they go of business and now, Instead of helping anybody, you actually to sent all the kids who depended on these adults working in these places now they have to join the rank of kids who need to be given choose because you took their parents ability to make money through the wages, madame shoes.
 
 You see... So first, they said, we just have to give. So that was primarily you know, the charity business. And you still have four eight business going on. So we just need to give And then the social entrepreneurs came in place.
 
 But I'm unlike, the only person for business business is good is for B, you know, the founder of tongue shoes but other not, I'm not sure really seeing who else is winning from this. And then... And and so today, my whole thing is we got a challenge to have a mind for a rapport or to have a mind for the lesser fortunate maybe in this country, it is easy. And less unfortunately goes, you know, for anybody that you... You'd you feel like he's being tram upon because of something.
 
 Maybe it's because of circumstances or maybe it's raised in this case or whatever. To have a heart for the lesser four among us for whatever reason, at that's easy, but to have a mind for them. That's the challenge.
 
 Lex Fridman: Let me ask you a difficult question. Yeah. Because as if we were not already asking difficult questions, the president Senegal mh, Mack, is also another the chair of the African Union. He met with the president of Vladimir Putin on June third. I think primarily was to discuss food
 
 Magatte Wade: security security
 
 Lex Fridman: Africa seems to be split halfway on their perspective in the war in Ukraine. Mh. So broadly speaking, would what do you think about this for all of the geopolitics of Africa, and the geopolitical relationship of Africa with the rest of the world and this current conflict with the warn ukraine. Mh. What are your thoughts there?
 
 Magatte Wade: Well, you've seen that many countries when it was time to vote some of a abs sustained, you know, which in a way say something. I think for the Africans today, especially as represented by the African Union because not all countries foreigners along the same lines. I feel like again, we're back to way back. For the longest time, the west twice stella us what to you. They decide for us.
 
 And here, they are there's trouble. Meaning there's definitely a rift major one between most of the Western world as represented by, you know, Europe and America primarily. Never was swearing and all that. And then then they're saying, you know, I think this is more or less an attempt to to stand on their own as well. It's like You're not don't tell us what to do as usual.
 
 You always focus us in with when it makes sense for you to try to rope us in, and then we're left hanging on our own. So there's a... This goes back to the sentiment you were talking about earlier. It's been challenging for me. To watch this because remember, I have one foot also, you know, like because very what I get to see in here, from being in the Western world, but there's also what I get to see and here from when In the back home so I wear all hats.
 
 And I think this is a situation where the African union and African nations in general are saying, we don't... It's... This is a case where almost was like, you guys are fighting. You guys are fighting. Maybe for once we have to watch it for ourselves.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. There's a sense in which This is the embodiment sort of, you know, from a vote on the war Ukraine. Is is a political embodiment of a resistance to the influence of the west. Right.
 
 Magatte Wade: It's
 
 Lex Fridman: not about the war between whatever you guys are fighting. Yes. It's saying, we're not going to let this particular higher that seems to be at the top right now, which is the United States Empire in Europe. Mh. To dominate our political discourse our geopolitical considerations.
 
 It's almost like, no. We're not touching this.
 
 Magatte Wade: Yeah. Especially like given usually, so when do they need us? Again, for influence, which means more power, you guys vote the same way we do. And when the... It's all over and they go back to they go back to us spreading, you know, they go back to how do Say.
 
 They go back to exchanging and share in between themselves. The goodies of, you know, their Halloween collection, we're no longer... We're not there when the goodies are being shared. So I think it's it's definitely one of those situations. But for me, it still is hard.
 
 Because I watched everything that's going on. And I It's gonna be complicated for ramifications of all of this. I would like to to see our African leaders also what they're doing is is clear. But this is a place where I almost... I'm also tempted to say Yes, and.
 
 Yes to the reasons you're investing right now? You know, we don't wanna be always citing because we're tired. We're tired of always been dragged around and taken for granted and you've vote, you know, come on guys. When when you need us, we're we're great and everything is good. And then when it's time to go and share a goodies, we don't exist anymore.
 
 And you actually go for policies that go against us. But in this situation though, I would like to still see us do a right thing. In my case, I was not very happy to see us going and more or less begging for, you know, What do you call it cereals? You know? Oh, please let the cereals make it.
 
 So at least we get them and we don't starve. I can understand why a president would say something like that or try to negotiate something like that. But when it comes to an African president having to do that with a non african president, I'm sorry, but for me, it's too close to begging.
 
 Lex Fridman: Listen. It's hard to be a leader, such a difficult dance because in some sense, sort of the the flip side of that is you're creating a market, a geopolitical market of saying, we're willing to sit down at the table with America with European leaders with Russian leaders with China. And we're gonna let you guys convince us who we should collaborate with. Mh. And that's what sort of great nations and groups of nations do.
 
 Do. No there's a cynical, of course, a dark perspective of that because what's in in that game played by leaders, the people that hurt people Ukraine, hurt, people of Africa can hurt people of Russia can hurt Mh. People of China people in the United States, but it is the way of the world. And to to earn, you have to you have to earn respect and sometimes earning respect leads to the suffering of many.
 
 Magatte Wade: Well, but except in this case, yes, to allow that end. The reason why I'm actually upset with with going and being like, oh, can you let at least the boats? That I was supposed to come to Africa full of cereals come over, the wheat and all that. Is just like look, Africa has the highest land that you can do agriculture on. Yes.
 
 You know? We have a largest surface such surface in the world. Why is this not a time for us to try to win ourself off of cereals what we don't necessarily have on the ground. But no. Let us go and plead.
 
 Lex Fridman: Don't beg, create instead.
 
 Magatte Wade: Great. Instead. Exactly This should have been You know just like how the rest of the world when Covid happened and China had to close off for different reasons and since then has not you know, completely reopened and people are sort realize wow. We've got... We've got too much...
 
 We we're too dependent on China for a lot of what we need. So we're gonna have to bring back some production to the Us, where are doing the same. All of that. This should have been an a time for African leaders to be like, we we need to be servicenow now about, you know, food security. And maybe the stuff but...
 
 Maybe don't grow under our climate necessarily. Can we work on coming up with different things? Now I understand that it can take time But if I knew that that was happening at the same time, that we're saying, we'll, let the zeros come in, maybe I would be a little bit easier with it. But right now, I'm just like is it gonna be the same business as usual. And in this case, I...
 
 I'm just like, are we gonna go... I'm gonna keep going from one masa to another masa I mean, Willie?
 
 Lex Fridman: The interesting aspect of all this is if we look at all of human history, it's possible that the twenty first century defined by Africa. It will be. And the young people, the the huge number of young people, it's like the trajectory it could be... There's so much possibility to define the future human civilization in Africa. And I don't mean sort of in the next ten years, I mean, in the next fifty years.
 
 What... So some people concerned about overpopulation. Mh. Some people concerned about us dying out as a human species. Both of those people in the austin.
 
 Magatte Wade: And talk to me in a puppy i know. I know. I know. I I I know who they are. But yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: What's your in Africa is this as at the center of this? Because there is a a vibrant huge number, probably over a billion.
 
 Magatte Wade: Yeah. We're one point three billion people and of those one billion blacks. I mean, that... What where do you land on that? There is a reason le why I say hunted but I'm obsessed that I'm a echo when it comes to free markets, and that I have such a strong sense of urgency, to point that literally, it is affecting.
 
 And it has to do with the fact, that yes, you have youngest region on earth in terms of the age of its population and the grow on the rate at it at which it's growing, demographic wise. I am not willing to stay there and say it's a curse for humanity. But it will be a curse for humanity. If we don't make sure that these people are youth gets to partake. And what it takes to partake is not much.
 
 So if the rest of the world thinks that get to part partake means. You have to send more foreign aid. You have to have more charity businesses organization sending stuff all away. Of course, you're almost thinking parasites. I'm sorry to say this way.
 
 If this is what you're thinking, you're seeing us as no more than parasites. And if that's what is gonna be, I could see why some people might be worried about that. Although, a human should never be see as parasites. No matter no matter no matter. But some people will go there.
 
 Now People are here. What are we gonna do dispose of them? That's not an option. So the only option we have left is to make sure that people partake. And what partake means is that people get included in them and are part of the systems that allow for human flourishing.
 
 And it doesn't it's not much. In this case, it's about can we be serious about the reforms? So we have free market zones, areas where people where flourishing can start so to take place. The wealth that people will need to flourish, they don't need you to give it to them. But it's all about can I let you fly, and you will make it happen for you and also for me, Every young African I today, I realized how stupid the rest of the world is, if they're not supporting what I'm trying to talk about.
 
 Because even if you don't wanna do it because it's a white thing to do, which I think it is the right thing to do. You're self fitted it, maybe engage your selfish. Because this person right there, I told you seven billion genes. Everybody is came to this world with a piece of solution to the human problem. This person and fat person that person hold something for me because I'm part of humanity.
 
 This person might have a cure. To a cancer that might take my wife out. The wife I haven't met yet. But this right here has it inside. And if I help this...
 
 If I make sure a disk disco gets a chance to flourish, and to manifest his genius or Her, that trickle down many years later comes straight back to serve me and the love of my life. If we can't see any other way, maybe let's try to think about it that way, because it becomes a very good proposition at that point. So in this case, by twenty fifty, Lagos Nigeria will be the largest city in the world. The future is African, wherever we wanted it or not. But is it gonna be an African feature where you have a used being a ticking bomb?
 
 Because they have not... you know, there's no hope. They stay in poverty because we belong to nations that don't even understand sometimes the the importance of common law versus civil law because they're trapped in countries that don't understand that, you know, you need to... You need to make the legal framework to provide for better freedom, so you can unleash the the genuine ness the awesome the january the industry's... The endorse side of your young people, especially of your women, so that they built all the wealth your nation is gonna need you to build and with it for respect that comes from that.
 
 See we have a choice to make. And this is why I feel so so so restless less about this at this point of my life. We just lost. George is one of the few Africans that I knew who who put this out. That's who I learned from.
 
 He's... He's gone. And I feel a strong sense of urgency. To not only bring back to the table, that which he has been working on but to also make sure that it gets steam, That's why being here talking with you today, it's it's... You have no idea.
 
 It's People ask what... If someone like you could say, what can I do? You did... You did more and you could ever ever
 
 Magatte Wade: imagine. By just allowing me to take this message to one more person. And because if we do this, The change is gonna happen somewhere down the line. So
 
 Lex Fridman: verbal effects of all of that on the unlocking the human potential.
 
 Magatte Wade: It's unbelievable
 
 Lex Fridman: all those people
 
 Magatte Wade: the leave a
 
 Lex Fridman: building cool stuff, Amazing thing.
 
 Magatte Wade: Yes. Yes. Yes. So so gonna be built stuff. Offers are gonna work on the reforms So we're working on reforms by the way.
 
 And I'm head of the Africa center for prosperity of the Atlas network, but largest organization in the world working on taking down barriers of entry for entrepreneurs around the world in their respective countries. So we're doing great work there. Are I basically, you know, all them... I obviously always think times we have in in Africa. Right now, free market tanks, and we want promote more of them to come up and these are local solutions by local people for their local problems.
 
 Always, that's where we a line. And so there, so we're working on reforms primarily and making people understand the free markets and the importance of it. But it is piece meal legislation. It takes time. It is hard.
 
 By the time you accomplished something here, more crap has happened over here. More laws have been pounded up because you know how they fix a bad law most of the time, way to the Us and wales. Put over lost, to kind of undo love before, but it's keeps stacking up. And before you know it, where you should have one thing and is clear, you have a hundred and they go against each other and then they so it's worse. So we have piece but happening.
 
 You know, our teams are doing really amazing fantastic work, especially the team in you know, man in Ghana we have a group in in Bur, a great great lakes. I mean, people are doing amazing work. Amazing work, but we need to run faster. So while we keep we help rem running faster, we also have to unlock other things. And right now, I'm working on one of my most craziest projects, something bold radical, crazy for some people.
 
 But I know we're not crazy. Because before Singapore has done it you know, Hong Kong has done it later the most recent China with the Sec z's, smell special economic zones some of the most radical free market zones in the world. They've done it. And oftentimes within the generation, meaningful change start to happen. Right?
 
 So here, what I'm working on is this concept of. Some call it charter cities, Paul rumor. Others call it the free cities and I like to call it startup cities. What these are is for us to think about, okay, if peace legislation takes forever, at the say while we have this demographic that's growing faster and faster in Africa. There is a discrepancy here between the process of the progress we're making.
 
 To set the right environment for business to prop up. And how many more people are coming to life, literally every day on the continent. There's a discrepancy here. And so Moments is going faster than the process... The progress we can make.
 
 This is a problem. So what some of us are working on is this concept of a startup cities and to say, These interesting tips, piece new legislation takes too long. How about we continue doing at work, which is essential and critical But at the same time, can we think of zones? And I like to call them also common law zones where we basically try to have within the country an area where for business. I'm not talking about family law or any of that staff, no when it's stuck new culture or anything like that, but we're just saying business wise, an enclave where you have a best practices from around the world including yours in terms of what constitute a great business environment and allow people in like it's a it's you know, you get in freely or nobody's supposed to you to go nobody's but forcing you to whatever.
 
 So in this... So basically, you're to think about this some rather occupied plot of land within a country, think Dubai on a hundred and ten acres of land, dubai is thinking that in their case, they're like maybe they decided maybe to realize that the best for business in their case and they said they looked to run and, like wow, but common along, especially british common laws seems like a very good one. So at that point, they decided for business only, not family or anything like that, which is gonna stand know, Or whatever. And so they said, we are gonna bring in, you know, so they hired retired british coming large judges to educate the law and train people under there. And I'm overs simplifying, but at the end of the day, in a within a generation, dubai became one of the top international centers of the world.
 
 It is what it is today.
 
 Lex Fridman: So... In in the case of the african nations that that z and spread. Yes.
 
 Magatte Wade: It can not only spread, but maybe let's say senegal was to go for this. Here you have this one. And then, you have another zone. And then what they start to do is they're not all model the same way. Because maybe this one is saying, hey, we wanna attract more.
 
 I don't know. Maybe wanna attract more medical research. Right? This one's gonna be saying, maybe we wanna attract more crypto or maybe it's gonna be more like us. We wanna be more about religious or whatever.
 
 You know what I mean still it will to fit more of that. And just kind of give the basics the grounds and then watch the magic happen on it. Right? And so this is what we're working on and the whole fair because some tell people, like, you know, I know some people like you guys are crazy. But hey, Am like, no.
 
 It it's it's more or less the story of, you know, the asian Tigers. And most recently, most of China's progress currently speaking because some people might it. Well, you don't want to china with develop and you see even then I say, and it's okay you can always do better. But we cannot deny the what the magic but they have accomplished. When have companies is nothing insured with the miracle.
 
 Eight hundred people getting out of poverty such.
 
 Lex Fridman: It's not... Yeah for the the quality of life the majority of the chinese population.
 
 Magatte Wade: Yes. That's something like that happen we've without problems. Of course, not. And so the next person to do something just actually gets to learn from lessons from lessons, but all.
 
 Lex Fridman: And leap frog.
 
 Magatte Wade: And exactly So for me, this is a promise. And people like, oh, but you guys are crazy, but I'm like, just like with everything. Do you know how many attempts it took before the first flight know the right brothers to cough. Do you know how many? And that's important.
 
 You you try you crash you try your crash, but each time you're going higher up higher, And you once to get up for once then you stay up longer. Then before you know it, you're doing all types of things. So here's the same thing. I tell people. Listen.
 
 All I need is one success story. And then receive change. People don't even wait for us. Yeah. Everybody.
 
 But this is hard because it's the first time. So but the good news is there are many groups working on the continent. There are some some groups in them there's zone there. Folks are doing something like this in Nigeria. Where we're part of a project there in Nigeria.
 
 The one that I'm most excited about, I cannot disclose the name of the country yet, but my god, I'm I'm so excited by it. And I just know. I just no legs. It's gonna happen in our lifetime.
 
 Lex Fridman: I hope so it's a really powerful vision and, you know, it's not being dramatic to say that the future of humanity depends on this that your success that success in Africa. It's such an important continent.
 
 Magatte Wade: It is a century. It's the continent where everything started. And I think it's the continent where we have... That continent has to finally finally finally thrive. We cannot all of us call ourselves and enlightened society as a whole.
 
 When you have such... When you have this... It's a humongous cotton have you seen the size of it. Okay You
 
 Lex Fridman: know yeah. It's it's it's hard to fathom actually. Yeah. We forget
 
 Magatte Wade: Exactly. And it has such people. You know, sometimes I look at my people. I have to tell you. I'm so proud of them and the young people especially and, you know, he would look at them.
 
 And knew somebody said sometimes one day, and it was so true. They said, you know, we've seen poverty other places. But here, it is just... Maybe somebody doesn't have money, but they dignity. And it's true.
 
 Yeah. So everything else we can handle and we will handle. You have to mark my word for this. This is gonna happen. And our youth is amazing?
 
 You should see them. So full of creativity, and it doesn't matter. You know you were telling me what makes you different. Many things makes is all different. You know, for rwanda are very different from the West African that we are.
 
 Rwanda, for example never dense with a hips more like, you know, with with this just part of a body. West Africans hips. Us, it's hips all over place all the time and it's you know more jumping stuff like that. In one that you feel it's more like, you know I mean, they were remind me more bad of a ballet thing. Romans have.
 
 You know, they don't eat in you know, most so much in pub, it's not very well. It's definitely you do. Us we... But West Africans, we like to be loud we're almost like the Italian of a continent. And then the one is someone more, like, you know, the swiss stuff that.
 
 I do a country even looks like this switzerland like I mean, we're so different for one grip another. When you go to congo, and you see these guys, they're so crazy. We've dress. I mean lisa. So we are very different bunch.
 
 But you know, what I love about us, what I love about my people, we are we are we we have a manifestation of what with Resiliency means. And So everything we need is there. Everything when need is there. I will say that there's nothing wrong with. Everything that's wrong with us.
 
 Is that part that we put around us. So we're tired of being bonsai people. We it to be the tallest in the forest, but we were designed to be. And so and that can be fixed. And that can be fixed and that's a beauty of it and that's why I am so...
 
 I'm almost dizzy with I get dizzy with with hope. I know my history. I know my economics. My fellow humans, and all of that, and we know that there's an unfairly recipe. And when it comes to that recipe, we have the hardest part of it.
 
 One missing ingredient, which is a markets? As we go around and talk and people start to understand, and each country tries to figure out okay. Where do we go there from here? I I know that I will die with my continent having taken the right shift for turn. I don't have to see what it ends because I cannot in my wildest stream, imagine where it's gonna
 
 Magatte Wade: end. But I know it's gonna be
 
 Magatte Wade: Yeah. So all my only job is to get this message out and then let my people do with it. What they wanna do.
 
 Lex Fridman: That's a scale of impact is just boundless. It's kinda cool. I mean, you, sometimes to think about individual problems and how do we solve them, we look up at certain individuals, like the... I don't know. Steve jobs elon musk.
 
 But it's so much more powerful to just without knowing what they will do, give the freedom to millions to hundreds of millions of people to do whatever the holiday.
 
 Magatte Wade: Can you imagine. Can you just imagine?
 
 Lex Fridman: It's truly truly exciting. So with the... In that sense, the work you're doing, it's una unimaginable the kind of impact that would have. Now going back to that hard moment. This dark place you went in in your mind and your personal life story, you lost your husband.
 
 What gave you strength during that time? What were the over the places you went to your mind in terms of personal struggle in terms of maybe even depression or Are these kinds of struggles?
 
 Magatte Wade: I think for me when my person passed away, I went to... Maybe my friend could see what was going on. Maybe if they couldn't. I don't know. But on the surface, I looked like I was fine.
 
 But what happened is, the only thing I think that kept me around as I thought about it, was The job to be done. This woman relied on me. And I was no longer free. I did not own myself, and they said it in those words, you don't own yourself anymore, and it was true. But it helped me because I was able to...
 
 You know, sometimes, whatever takes to keep you around, whatever it takes. And that's what I would tell people who feel like they can't just push one more push. And they think we need to end it. At that point, whatever it takes. Just just stick around for one more second because the next second, you know, so I stuck around because of duty.
 
 I felt a very strong sense of duty. My was in this case, I think stronger than my than my pain. I don't know if it's passed. I don't know how it was possible, but it was. And And I just pushed my grief under the rug for years.
 
 For years, I worked like a mad lady. I... I would travel. I would do free states in three days, landing at the morning around five zero six going right along with our distributors because it was beverage and this keep going. And have all of his energy and look like everything is fine.
 
 But what happened was just like I was focused on the job to be done and sometimes it is okay to do that. At least for me, it was my safety. My... You know, like, when you the water and you're about to sink and they throw you that that round thing at a know you call it. You know that
 
 Lex Fridman: keeps you afloat you. Yeah. Whatever. Yeah. But between the two of us we're still terrible.
 
 Magatte Wade: We're back.
 
 Lex Fridman: I know exactly you.
 
 Magatte Wade: Exactly right. So you understand me. So miss cindy you much. And you just... I was just hanging onto it.
 
 My life depended on this thing. So these women, they carried me. Yeah. They care with me and with time, Things are moving forward. And at some point, I went into really, really deep depression and I went into very dark place, even dark the one I think I've came from.
 
 Because by that time, I had worked for years on this company, and now some other things was happening. And around that time, it's also when I was discovering a lot of what I'm we talked about today about what makes the country bridge. And for me to understand that my network, I was very much into left oriented network. And to to just start to to see all of this. I try to address it to realize that many of these people would prefer go running for the hills, then except for a moment that maybe capitalism might be part of a solution.
 
 When many of them were involved in capitalism. So that was a hard time. At some point, I was... Yeah. So many things were happening around that time, that basically shook up everything for me.
 
 One is hard to talk about because it's very personal in the person that I that was... But I but I was having a problem with passed away last year, and I'm one to always say leave a dead alone So because of that, I won't speak about it, but there to having a major fallout with somebody who was like a family figure for me. Somebody but they're completely trusted. And so at some point, you just tell ask yourself what my whole life built on a lie? Right?
 
 And and then you're confused and then you become confused And and then at some point you lose ninety percent of your friends because of ideological speaking. it doesn't work anymore. Then you just wonder I... Have i been to asleep whole time? And then you start to wonder.
 
 Remember when asked me who am I at some point le, I literally was like a candle in the wind. Yeah. I felt like I was a candle in the wind. And it was very hard to come back from that. And people have a hard...
 
 The few people I talked to about this They have a hardest time understanding or even believing it because they're like, you, like yes, me. I used to be a candle in the wind. What got you out. What made you overcome that? My current husband.
 
 My current husband love love. See. When I tell you love is answer. But him, he came with love, but he also came with really helping me figure out the world. So with Michael because it's him who we're talking about Michael Str.
 
 Lex Fridman: That must be special.
 
 Magatte Wade: He's so special. It's so special. So you have no idea how special it is. But, you know, Michael, the reason why I have such love respect and admiration for my husband I'll never say enough is because actually, it's one of those relationships that got built based on Intellect first. You see at some point, I was in the position where I could start a foundation after having built my first business.
 
 And all I wanted was an ability to power as many especially women African women entrepreneurs like me a few years ago before when to do something like I was able to do. Bring back to the world, some really cool aspects of our culture built into a really cool brand twenty first century type, that's what I wanted to do. Because the more I could promote women like that and put steam behind them and the more my dream vision for i respected Africa Africa would happen at back then that's what I wanted. And around me, this was also part of the whole crisis of Idea ideological I had back then. Everybody was like, well, we should be just doing grants.
 
 And I knew that I... My people didn't need grants. They didn't need, like, a hand out. But they they don't want your charity. I didn't want Charity.
 
 I wanted someone who could work with me on my accounting. I wanted somebody who could help me brainstorm marketing wise. I wanted somebody or I needed to raise money to pay my my research and develop guy. To help me, you know, take the juices from my grandma's recipe to something that can be show stable. I...
 
 I... If you're gonna I needed coaching. These are all the things that I needed to make my dream happen. I didn't want you to give me some crap for free. But what I want.
 
 I just want to be able to build my business with all the things that business building needs. And so And so that's what I wanted to do, and it's what it was needed. And so Michael, somebody found out about what I was doing because back in the days of, they would write a lot about me and everything. And so Michael along with John Mack the founder of market they had a profit called flow, and it's all about human flourishing. They want for people everybody to get this choice visibility to be able to get to a point in their life where in complete flow.
 
 It's a miguel, just be high. Michael is the only one we could say that last name. Yeah. But, you know, the whole concept flow when you're instead of flow, you're basically doing what you need... What you're supposed to do, but where you're supposed to do it with the people suppose this whole concept of flow.
 
 Yeah. So maybe too unfortunately I despise. So, you know, so I meet with this man, you thanks you're so Okay. So I... So we we we he finds me.
 
 These people find me. And then there was a program where it was all about excellent excellent accelerating women entrepreneurs. So it's during these times, but I'm starting now to see things. That's when actually, all of this stuff that I noticed. How come here, it takes me a little his time to suck my business.
 
 Over the twenty minutes. Here it's free. The guys thousands hundred of dollars, all of this nonsense stands that I just took maybe just because we messed up with poor about why everything is so messed up. Whoa, basically upon introducing me to concepts, I'm like, first of all, I'm like Oh, really. What what did you call the doing business in the...
 
 Right? What is that? You know, all of his stuff. Yeah. And I'm starting to discover this whole of the body of work.
 
 What but the free market like this thing that I was sensing. This environment, but I was sensing but it was different around me, and it... That they called it the free markets over here. I know they're that. And then I started to but had those ideas with the ideas but I was fed with before that.
 
 And the evidence won. And further more the evidence, the evidence combined with my lived experience, it was so powerful. So I basically start understanding this ideas from the most visceral part of my my body. You know if my bag being. And it makes sense.
 
 So Michael, Michael, helped me find the solution verbal the answer to my lifelong, little girl's question. Of why do we have this and we don't? And how do some countries like mine poor while others are rich? And with... We've learned with understanding all of that, the greatest biggest sense of liberation came upon me.
 
 I I I have no other word to describe that. True liberation that comes from a peer to finally understand and be vin in your own you know, understand... In your own deep knowing or feeling that They're not... What is saying is not true. You're not the problem.
 
 It's not you. There's something else. And when I discovered that, my whole life changed So and since then, I have... I've been very serious about going deeper and deeper and deeper into my understanding of all of this. Understanding the subtlety.
 
 At some point, I was very angry about the of Africa, because I was like, yes, you hope. But just to keep us in this, I was angry for longest time. And then eventually, you have to engage empathy. In love. To put yourself in their shoes and try to understand the time at which they were living, and that gotten me journey of trying to understand history more.
 
 That's how I understood. I was able to go beyond just these and try to understand and rebuild the world around them. At the of the micro and also the at the at the macro level. Just really, you have to try to walk in their shoes. And from there, finally separate the baby with a bath water, but they were not able to do back then.
 
 That's why today, I'm sorry, but I have no patience. For the B organizers, founders, especially as long. I don't know what organizers think. But the founders told us what they stand for. And I say guys don't make that same mistake again.
 
 If you're serious about this, you cannot make mistake. Of Africa. They have an excuse. We didn't know better. It was it was so easy back when to con everything.
 
 But today, you me, anybody alive, cannot with a trade face, embrace market socialist ideas, especially, especially when day claiming that they wanted people to thrive. No, you can't. I'm sorry. And I will hold you. I will hold your feet up to the to the fire on that one.
 
 I will. I will. And that's what I'm doing. They will give me a lot of grief of this, but guess what I could care less. Do you know why I could care less?
 
 Because we have an entire population to help rise out of poverty into prosperity where they become you know, c creators, global c creators of innovation.
 
 Lex Fridman: And those ideas give you hope for the place you love for Senegal gulf for Africa.
 
 Magatte Wade: They do. They do I live the world I live in? The new centers of culture and fashion are In the. The new the new the new centers of tech and and, you know, crypto even is somewhere maybe nature nigeria. So
 
 Lex Fridman: you see that future, you see that future clearly.
 
 Magatte Wade: I do I do. I you.
 
 Lex Fridman: It's a beautiful thing. And it's also beautiful to see that the space of these really powerful ideas is where you also found in love. Right? So at the intersection.
 
 Magatte Wade: At this section, my spend Mike and I would spend hours talking about all of his ideas and I would be like, but what about this No. It doesn't make any sense. No. No. No.
 
 Oh no. And then hours every single day for months.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah.
 
 Magatte Wade: And then from there, our love was born. Because I tell people for us, love is not about the case ice, like, you know, we think but it's about... We look in one direction and in this case, it's vision, what we know to be possible and true. If only you liberate people. We what we know to be true possible, we...
 
 All of us are miracle walking around. Every time I get on a plane, it's the miracle of engineering. All the things we're able to do, you know, now when they do operation and new teeth, how they're able to put the pain down away. All of this us. You're working on this robot.
 
 This this this inside here. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: Humans are amazing.
 
 Magatte Wade: So that's why went... And when it works in great tandem with this guy?
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Yeah.
 
 Magatte Wade: These still working together? Yeah. Oh what's
 
 Lex Fridman: your nothing thing we can't come.
 
 Magatte Wade: Nothing nothing. Oh,
 
 Lex Fridman: okay. You're one of the incredible people I've ever talked
 
 Magatte Wade: about you. You everybody.
 
 Lex Fridman: Thank you so much. This is truly an honor. Thank you for everything you're doing. Thank you for the fire that burns within you. And and there's just the passion you have for place that's going to, I think define the future of humanity.
 
 So thank you for everything You're doing. Thank you for talking. Thank
 
 Magatte Wade: you. Thank you to you. And sometimes I hope this fire doesn't consume me? That's how much it is. But I am grateful to you for this.
 
 And, yeah, thank you for... I know you don't do a lot this you know I am. It's a this type of interviews, maybe. I don't know. But I'm so so happy
 
 Lex Fridman: me. Fun, inspiring powerful interviews Yes. I need to do more of... Your amazing.
 
 Magatte Wade: I don't know. Because at first I was like le friedman really?
 
 Lex Fridman: You're really how this gonna go.
 
 Magatte Wade: Gonna talk to lexington and go all
 
 Lex Fridman: christmas I think you need to work on your unconscious
 
 Magatte Wade: bias.
 
 Lex Fridman: Alright. Thank you god. You're.
 
 Magatte Wade: Thank you. Thank you so much.
 
 Lex Fridman: Thanks for listening to this conversation with got wait. To support this podcast, please check out our sponsors in the description. And now let me leave you some words from Nelson And mandela. Money won't create success. The freedom to make it
 
 Magatte Wade: well.
 
 Lex Fridman: Thank you for listening and hope to see you next
 
 Magatte Wade: time.