
 Steve Keen: the real foundation of Marxist political philosophy was the economic argument that they're the tendency for the right of profit to fall. And that tendency through the profit of fall would lead to capitalists bat down workers harder. Paying them less them this subs systems. I'll revolt by workers against this and then you would get socialism on the other side. So he's he what he called the tendency for the right of profit to fall played a critical role in his explanation why socialism would have to come about if you look at Marks vision of the revolution it was going happen in England.
 
 Okay? The advanced economies would be first to go through the revolution. The socialist, the primitive economies would have to go through a capitalist transition. And this is the difference when the and and the bolsheviks x. So the Man and H minsk came out of the Man family.
 
 The Man believed you had to go through a capitalist phase. Russia had to go through a capitalist period before it becomes socialist. The bolsheviks I could get there in one guy.
 
 Lex Fridman: The following is conversation with Steve Keen. Brilliant economist that criticize as much of modern economics and proposes new theories and models that integrate some ideas and ditch others from very thinkers from Karl marx to John Maynard to Ham and minsk. In fact, a lot of our conversations about karl marx and marx economics. He has been a scholar of karl marx work for many years. So this was a fascinating exploration.
 
 Has written, several books I recommend, including the new economics in Manifesto and the debunk economics. This is the deluxe frequent podcast to support it. Please check out our sponsors in the description. And now dear friends here Steve Kain.
 
 Lex Fridman: Let's start with a big question. What is economics or maybe
 
 Steve Keen: what is or should be the goal of economics? Sure you understand how him civilization comes about and how it can be maintained change. And that's not what it's been at all. So we have a a discipline which has the right name and the wrong sole.
 
 Lex Fridman: What is the soul of economics?
 
 Steve Keen: The soul of economics really is to explain how do we manage to build a civilization that elevate so far above the energy and and consumption and knowledge levels of the base environment of the earth. Because if you think about and this is actually working from a work workout learned from Tim Ga who's one of my research colleagues is an atmospheric physicist. And his idea is that we have these... We exploit these high grade energy sources from the sun itself to coal, nuclear etcetera, etcetera which means we can maintain a level of human civilization well above what we'd have if we just still running around with rocks and stones and spears. So it's that elevation above the base level of the planet, which is human and civilization.
 
 And if we didn't have this energy we were exporting, if we didn't use the environment to elevate ourselves above what's possible in the background, then you and I wouldn't be talking into the microphones.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah.
 
 Steve Keen: We might be doing drum bits and stuff like this, but we wouldn't be having the sort of conversation we have. So would explain how that came about that what's the economic should be doing and it's not.
 
 Lex Fridman: So this is the greatest thing that there was ever created is what you're saying this conversation.
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. We're the most elaborate yeah construction. On the planet And like, that's not what we've done. we've the planet itself. We don't have respect for the fact that life itself is an incredible creation.
 
 And I my ultimate if I had to see how he humanity's is gonna survive what we're putting ourselves through, then it would... We'd have to come out of it as a species, which saves its role as preserving and respecting life.
 
 Lex Fridman: I like how you took my silly incredible statement and made it into a a serious one about how amazing life is.
 
 Steve Keen: Life is incredible and with humans don't respect it enough. We trash it. And and that's what's economics, I think it's played a huge role in that. So I actually regard mine just and I would never call it a professional little owner's science. My discipline has probably helped bring about the termination.
 
 Potential, the feasible termination of human strong words. Okay. Let's return to the basics of economics. So what is the soul and the practice of economics, What what should what should be
 
 Lex Fridman: the goal of it? Because you're speaking very poetic, but we'll also speak pragmatic. Mh. About the the tools of economics, the variables of economics. The metrics, the goals, the models, practically speaking, what are the goals of economics?
 
 Steve Keen: Well and in terms of the tools we're here, we should be using the tools that engineers use. Frankly. And that's sounds ridiculously simple because you would expect that economists are using after date techniques that are common in other sciences where dealing with similarities of stocks and flows and interactions between the environment and the system and so on on. And that's fundamentally systems engineering. And that's what we should be using as the tools of economics.
 
 Now if you look at what economists actually do, the sophisticated stuff involves different equations. And like difference equations, you if you've done enough mathematics as you have, you know, different equations, a used for like individual level processes to you're talking about it or autonomous one, it'll go from state t to t plus one t plus two and so on. But not when you're talking at the aggregate level. There you use differential equations to measure it all. Economists have been using different equations.
 
 So there's like a book I think it's by sergeant and one other. Are called advanced methods in economics using Python two volume set. It's about close to two thousand pages and four of those pages run differential equations. The rest is all different to questions. So they're using talk with the wrong
 
 Lex Fridman: mathematics to start with. For people listening, what is difference equations versus differential. Okay.
 
 Steve Keen: A difference equation is is like you can do in a spreadsheet. You'll have this is without not in Id. This is an ivan nine in ninety one, ninety two and not three ninety four. So you have you you have discrete jumps in time. Whereas the differential equation says there's a process moving through time.
 
 And you will have a rate of change of of of their variable is a function of the state of itself and other variables and rates of change of those variables. And that is what you use when you're doing an aggregate model. So if you're modeling water, for example, the fluid dynamics you have a set of differential equations describing the entire body of fluid, moving through time. You don't try to model the discrete motion motion of each molecule of h two o. So at the aggregate level, you use differential equations for processes that occur through a time.
 
 And that's economic through time. You should be using that particular technology. But some economists do learn differential equations, but they don't learn stability analysis So they simply assume room is stable, and they work in equilibrium. Terms all the time. And that's it is the technical level it's an incredibly complicated way of modeling the world, using entirely the wrong tools.
 
 Okay. Well, we'll talk about that because it's unclear what the right tools are. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: Maybe it's more clear to you, but
 
 Steve Keen: I've gotta to make a clear an audience. Well So this is a very complicated world. It's a complex
 
 Lex Fridman: world. Talk about their
 
 Steve Keen: some
 
 Lex Fridman: of the most complex systems une earth are the human mind mh, the economy and the biosphere. Yep. So we'll we'll we'll go. You know, I'm we'll go to that place. I'm fascinated by complex systems.
 
 Mh. I'm humbled. By them even if their simplest level of, like, cellular. I'm not sure what the right tools are. To understand that, especially when part.
 
 Part of the complex system is the, like, a hierarchy of other complex systems. Yeah. So you said the economy is the fascinating complex system, but it's made up of the human minds. And those are interesting. Those are those are interesting perhaps impossible to model but we can try and we can try to figure out how to approximate them.
 
 And maybe that's the challenge of economics. Okay. We'll keep returning to the basics. Let us try to learn something from history. I also see as part of economics.
 
 It's us trying to figure out stuff and there's a few smart folks, the write books throughout human history, and sometimes they name schools of economics after them. So let let us take a stroll through history. Okay? Can you describe at a high level what are the different schools of economics, perhaps ones that are interesting to you, perhaps ones that the difference between which reveals something useful or insightful for our conversation. Okay.
 
 So, you know, you could you new, classical post Austrian, like the bio physical economics and so on other He docs economic schools that you find interesting. Okay.
 
 Steve Keen: I actually find interesting this school which went extinct about two hundred and fifty years ago. Mh. That's where what I'd like to start from and they're called the Physical k. And the name itself implies where the knowledge came from because if you go back far enough in history, we didn't we didn't do top. But when you started doing top, they found wires, they found tubes, etcetera, etcetera.
 
 And they started seeing the body of the circulation system. And they applied the same sort of logic to the economy. And they became out of an agricultural economy which was France, and they saw that the wealth came effectively from the sun. So they so oil wealth comes from they said to soil, but what they really mean is some the soil absorbs the energy of the sun. One seed plants a thousand players seeds come back.
 
 There is no surplus we are simply mining what we can find out of the natural economy. That's what we should have stayed and develop from that forward. We then went through the classical school with the economics which comes out of Adam, Smith. And Smith coming from Scotland, looked at what the ph crowd said. And what the Ph K argued was that agriculture is the source of all wealth.
 
 And the manufacturing sector is sterile up. That's literally the term they use to describe the manufacturing.
 
 Lex Fridman: What there
 
 Steve Keen: means. Serial all means you don't you don't extract value, you simply change the shape of value. So the the value comes from the soil. Yeah. It comes from the soil.
 
 That's the free gift of nature. That's literally the phrase they used. And we then distribute the free nature around, and we need carriages, which was the manufacturing term they used at the time, as well as wheat. Mh. So we to make the carriages, we take what's been taken from the soil and we convert it to a different form, but there is no value added in manufacturing.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah.
 
 Steve Keen: So Smith looked at that and said, well I'm from Scotland. And we've got lu know industries. You know, when we make stuff in it's machinery. And he said, no, it's not bland that gives us the source of value it's labor. Yeah.
 
 Now that led to the classical school the thought. And that said that all value comes from labor. The value is objective. So it's the amount of effort you put in, but the price two things will exchange reflects the relative effort that's involved in the manufacturing. So this computer takes two hours to make and this bottle takes two minutes to make then there's this is worth sixty times as much as that.
 
 Okay? They didn't talk about marginal cost. It was absolute cost effectively. They didn't talk about utility as a subjective thing they ridiculed subjective utility theory. That led to marx.
 
 And Marx. Probably the most brilliant mine in the history of economics. The only other competitor I'd see is S pe possibly kind, but then my terms of ranking of intellect of your marx, S cans in terms of the outstanding capacities to think. But marx then turned that classical school, which was pro capitalism and anti feudal into a critique of capitalism. Mh which led to the neo school coming along as the defense of capitalism.
 
 But they defended it using the ideas of the subjective theory of value so that value does not reflect effort it's the satisfaction. Individuals get from different objects that determines their value, marginal utility. It's the marginal cost that determines how much they sell for. Capitalism e, marginal cost and marginal utility. And the concepts of equilibrium and marginal this and marginal that came the near classical school, and that's still the dominant school now one hundred and fifty years later.
 
 So that's the one that everybody learns. And when you first learn economic if you don't have the critical background that I managed to acquire, that's what you think is economics. The marginal utility, equilibrium, oriented analysis of mainstream economics and for example, they ignore money. Okay. People think economists you must be an expert on money because you're in economist.
 
 Well in fact, economists learn literally in the first few weeks at university that money is irrelevant. They say money illusion. So they they they they represent people's tastes using what they call them ind curves. And they're like Isa on a weather map, if you look at a ice quantity shows you all the points of the same pressure. So you can be you, you can be here or you can bring in denver and the air pressure can be the same if you're in the same whether unit in it.
 
 So you just draw a cell. That links together. Well they do the same thing with utility and say lots of bananas and very few coke can give you the same utility there's lots of coconut and very few bananas in N drawer, basically like a high running down and linking the two. And they'll say, well, that's your utility that describes your tastes. And then we have your income and there's given your income you can buy that many bananas completely or that many coconut or a straight line combination of the two.
 
 And then if we double the price nominal price of coconut and double the normal price of bananas and double your income, what happens and the correct answers are nothing sir. You know, you stay at the same point of tang between what your budget is and which particular utility could gives you the maximum satisfaction. So that gets in ingrained into them. And they think anybody who worries about money suffers from money illusion. You know, you you were therefore ignorant.
 
 Of the deep insights of economics, if you think money actually matters. So you have an entire theory of economics, which presume we exchanged through Data. You know, like, I'll I'll swap you that Microsoft surface for... Like I'll take two of those for one of these. You know, we did this barter type arrangement.
 
 In fact, that only works of money plays no creative role on the economy. And that's where you'll find reading Sc pay. The insight that's the school of thought that I come from that says money is essential. Money actually adds to demand, and i'll I'll talk we'll talk about that later on. So that's the neo classical school that ends up being subjective theory of value.
 
 Non monitoring. So as everything happens in Barter and focusing on equilibrium as though everything happens in equilibrium. Or if you get just disturbed from equilibrium, you return back to it again. And that mindset describes capitalism is most interesting features that it reaches equilibrium. Now what planet are we on to believe that?
 
 Because if you look at the real world, the real exciting role of capitalism which we we live. Change is by far the most obvious characteristic of it. There's no equilibrium there's no equilibrium, but unstable. And i as a math mathematician. It's easy to you you work for stability analysis, You know, you work out what the the jacob c is you work out you up other exponents in a complex system.
 
 You're used to the idea that is unstable, but economists gets scored and believing that everything happens in equilibrium, and they don't learn stability analysis. So all that stuff is missing. So under the schools of ford, The treating the economy is an equilibrium system, which was what the class classical school did is what kain disturbed. And he really disturbed by talking about fundamentally that uncertainty determines our decisions about the future. So when we consume, you know, you know if you like pfizer, what if you a particular drink we wanna have you know, the current situation, but to invest you must be making guesses about the future, but you don't know the future.
 
 So what do you do, you extrapolate what you currently know. And this you said, this is a terrible basis on which to plan for the future. But there's the only thing you can do there where there is no possibility of solid calculation. So investment is therefore subject to uncertainty. And therefore you will get volatility of of out of investment.
 
 You will get fad, of course, booms and slums coming out of that, is people extrapolate for the current conditions. And that's the normal state of a capitalist economy. And pe argued, that's what gives us this creativity creativity as well. The fact that you can perceive a potential demand but you don't... First of all, you don't know whether that demand is going to work.
 
 Secondly, you don't know who competitors is going to be whether somebody going be ahead of you or behind. If there's a over vest. Okay? All this stuff is the real nature of capitalism, and that's what we we're trying to capture that dynamic, non equilibrium monetary, violence and creativity of capitalism. That's what we should be analyzing.
 
 And the post can in school has gone in that orientation. They've been in my opinion inhibited by learning their mathematics from neo classical economists. So they don't have enough of the technology of complex systems. It's only a really tiny handful of people working in complex systems analysis. In post kinds economics, but that is to me the most interesting area.
 
 So there their tools may
 
 Lex Fridman: be lacking, but they fundamentally them accept the instability that's fraud. That's wrong. And so that's what makes him interesting. So let me let me try to summarize what you said then you say how stupid I am. Okay.
 
 So then there was the. Mh. That thought value came from the land. Yep. Then there's Adam Smith, who said, net value comes from human labor.
 
 That was that was the classical school. Mh. And then neo is value comes from like bananas and Coca the... Human preferences. Yeah like, human happiness.
 
 How happy? How happy banana makes you. Mh. And then the Ka and the post cans were like Yeah. We can't you can't you can never...
 
 The moment you try to put value to a banana and a coconut, you're already working in the past. Yeah. Yeah it's always going to be chaos and stability and then you just... You're you're fishing it certain waters, and that's we have to embrace that and come up with tools that model that well. And also, joseph Sean pe, what's school you put him under?
 
 Is the Mackenzie Austrian economics, there's...
 
 Steve Keen: He's an austrian austrian is denied. Okay. That's the case from austria. But he got an Austrian economist. There are elements of the Austrians go thought, which are worthwhile.
 
 What what is Austrian economics in this beautiful whirlwind wind picture that you painted. Okay. Austrian australian economics grew out of the new that was the rebellion against the classical school. So you had three Intellect who mainly led the growth of the neo school back in the eighteen seven was William Evans from England, Meng, christian Austria and Vol from France. And both Vol tried to work out a set of equations to describe a multi a multi product economy, where as numerous producers and numerous consumers everybody's both to produce their random consumer.
 
 And you try to work out a vector of prices that will give you equilibrium in all markets instantaneously. And that's his me equilibrium bring our orientation Evans is also on about equilibrium, but he work more at the aggregate level. So there's a supply curve and demand curve and that's what Gave Marshall ultimately cod. Meng was pretty much saying that well, you'd... Yes, there might be an equilibrium, but you're gonna get to disturbed from it all the time.
 
 You'll be above below the equilibrium. And what came out of the Austrians school was an acceptance of that sort of vision that the market should reach equilibrium. But then say, well you'll get disturbed away from the equilibrium. And it's that's what gives you the vitality of capitalism because an entrepreneur will see an Arbitrage advantage. And try to close that gap, and that will give you innovation over time.
 
 And S peter went beyond that and saw the role of money and said that entrepreneur an entrepreneur, somebody with a great idea and no money. Yeah. Okay. So to become a capitalist, you've gotta to get money. And therefore you've got approached the finance sector to get the money and the sector creates money and also creates a debt for the entrepreneur.
 
 And so you get this financial engine turning up as well. And you will get movements away from equilibrium out of that. You won't necessarily head back towards the equilibrium. So Sean pe has a a rich vision of capitalism in which money plays an a essential role in which you will be disturbed from equal equilibrium bring all the time. And that is really...
 
 I think a much close division of actual capitalism than anything by even our Steven the the the industrial leading Austrian, you know high, etcetera etcetera they they and certainly run by I I find totally like reading a cardboard cut out version of of the wealth of of the wealth of nations. It's I find his worth trivial. But Sean pe was rich but with the same foundations as the Austrians. But because he talked about the importance of money that took him away from the Austrian vision, which is very much based on a hard money, of capitalism go S said, you needed the capacity of the financial sector to create money to empower entrepreneurs. And that's very important vision.
 
 So
 
 Lex Fridman: Sean peters are is the deviation from equilibrium. That's where all the fun happens
 
 Steve Keen: that yeah all the magic happens. That's the magic of capitalism. And like the Austrians because they focus on the deviation from equilibrium and better than their classical. But they still have this belief in the people will reach equally ring ultimately or you'll head back to towards that whereas, like they don't they don't have an explanation of capitalism that gives you cycles apart from having the wrong rate of interest. Okay.
 
 So there's no role for an accumulation of debt over time. So what S pe gave us was a vision of the of capitalism being driven by entrepreneurs who are funded by money creation by the finance sector. And that's fundamentally the world in which we live. So there's also... Kids these days are all into modern monetary theory.
 
 Yeah that above. Okay. What a monetary theory is accounting? I wanna i summarize bluntly, it's simply saying let's do the accounting because what money is is a creature of double entry bookkeeping. K?
 
 What's double entry book Banks. So this was invented back in the fifteen hundreds in Italy. I hope got no particular merchant who did it based on some arabic big ideas as well. But the thing is we you wanna keep track of your financial flows, then you divide what you... All the financial claims on you.
 
 You divide into claims you having somebody else, which you your assets claim somebody else has on you with your liabilities and the gap between your the two was your equity. So you record every transaction twice on one row. Okay. So for example, if you and I to do a financial transfer, You have a bank account. I have a bank account.
 
 Your bank account will go down. Mine goes up. Okay. And that's... There's some of the rogue operation is zero.
 
 Mh. Okay. On the other hand, if I go to a bank and borrow, then my account goes up, they put money in my deposit account, the bank's assets go up. Okay? And the still the same sum applies assets minus liabilities, minus equity equals zero.
 
 Now that's simply saying money is accounting a acc of accounting it's not a creature of a commodity. So if you think about how Austrians think about money and how gold bugs think about money in bitcoin and If they're any left think about money, what they see is money is an object. K? And you and you and I can both have more gold, if we're both willing to go to this, you, mine a mind somewhere dig a few holes and get a few specs have gold out. So there's no competition or no interaction between you and me if money is gold.
 
 And I think money should be an object for commodity. But money fundamental is not a commodity it's it's a claim on somebody else. That's money is as essence. So when you do it, you must use double entry bookkeeping to do it. And then when you do, you find all the answers that come out of thinking as money as a commodity you're wrong.
 
 So for example, They've got il on this one. So wanna get this rid Elon so I'm making a comment about this few weeks ago on Twitter. He said that it's wrong for the government. Effectively seems room for the government to always be in deficit. Mh.
 
 Okay? Now when you look at it and say, well, how has money created? How does money come about when it's not a commodity you like gold? Would you dig up out of the ground? When it's actually social relations between people that create money.
 
 Well, money is the... They're fundamentally the liabilities of the banking sector. When you if we make a transfer between us, your order deposit account goes down, my as deposit account goes up. Those are exchanged on the liability side of the banking of the banking sector. But if we have a transaction with the bank, then if the bank lenses us money, it's as its loans go up.
 
 Its deposits go up again that same balance. So you've got to look And so money therefore is fundamentally the liabilities of the banking sector. So how do you create create create additional liabilities? You must have an operation which occurs both on the liability side and the asset side of the banking sector. So if you make transaction, no money's created, money existing money is red distributed.
 
 But if you go to a bank and or take out a bank loan, then money is created by the bank line. The liabilities of the banking sector rise, the assets rise, they're balance, but more liabilities means or the banking sector means more money. Okay? So that's what that's how the private banks create money. And that's what I first started working on when I became an academic but not thirty five years ago.
 
 The actual dynamics of private money creation, but the government has the same sort of story. If the government runs a deficit, it spends more money on the individuals in the economy than it taxes them, which means their bank accounts increase. So a government deficit creates money for the private sector. Okay? So that's where money creation occurs from the government.
 
 So it's it's it puts money in people's puts more money into the people's bank accounts by spending by welfare payments than it takes out by tax taxation. So that's creating new money and then on the other side on the bank, the money turns up in the reserve accounts of the banks, which are basically the private banks bank accounts at the central bank. So rather than the asset of private money creation being loans, the of government money creation as reserves. Okay? Right.
 
 Money creation, money creation, the
 
 Lex Fridman: good thing. So you mentioned a bunch of stuff like private money migration with the liabilities in the banks and then the government is doing and the reserves. Blah blah blah, at the end of the day, is there's a bunch of printers that are printing money. Is money and then you also said something in, which is social relations between humans is what creates money. Mh.
 
 I think my mind has blown several times over the past minute. So it's it's difficult for me to reconstruct the pieces of my mind back together. But
 
 Steve Keen: basic question is money creation, good thing or a bad thing. Money creation is a good thing. Because money creation is what allows comments to happen. Isn't there a conservation of no there isn't. I had had arguments with this is just over this and it took me a long time to answer they thought the sum total of all money is zero.
 
 Yep. Okay. It's the type title of all assets and liabilities is zero. So you imagine your assets, minus your liabilities as your equity. And your as said is somebody else's liability and your liability, somebody else's asset.
 
 When we're talking about financial assets? And this is another mind blowing thing that I'm just reasonably solve myself. So the sum total of all financial assets and liabilities is zero. Okay. Well, I'm gonna interrupt you rude.
 
 What are assets? What are liability? Assets are your claims on somebody
 
 Lex Fridman: else. So specific. Give me give me an example of an
 
 Steve Keen: asset. Okay. Do you have a mortgage for this house? No.
 
 Lex Fridman: I renting.
 
 Steve Keen: You're renting there go. Well, if you had a mortgage, that'd it'd be your your liability. That'll be my. Okay. The mortgage with the bank's asset.
 
 Right. Okay. If you add the two together, you get zero. Okay. So that's zero.
 
 That's the right. The money is the liability side the banking sector. Okay. Okay. Assets are the the the assets on the other side can be created by the banking sector, which is where you get bank loans or created by the government where you get reserves.
 
 But money is the liabilities. Money is if you think about protons and Angie protons and that's sense, money is like the anti proton on. It's the negative the liability. But wait
 
 Lex Fridman: wait, the liability is the negative Yeah. How's that money, I thought money is the
 
 Steve Keen: positive. What is the liability for the banking sector is an asset for you in May.
 
 Lex Fridman: And asset includes money. Yeah.
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. Okay. If you have a bank, if you good, you'd have a bank account and you'd have some cash. Yeah. Okay.
 
 Those are your assets. But the bank account is a liability the banking sector. Mh. And the cash is a liability of the Federal reserve. Okay.
 
 So what's money? Well, money. Money money is the promise of a third party that we both accept to close our transaction. And this
 
 Lex Fridman: is at the bank.
 
 Steve Keen: That's a bad. Yeah. This is this one of the most important works I've ever read. Is work by a wonderful now unfortunately, deceased, tiny italian economist called gust, Crazy. And here's the most wonderful personality.
 
 Or gust, it we made a minimum a few occasions. Is one of the few human beings who can speak and perfectly form paragraphs. Mh. Okay? Super superb He.
 
 And what he did was write a paper called the monetary theory of production. And you can find it download on the web but is if you much open source now. And what he said is what distinguishes a monetary economy from a voucher economy. So that in in a in a barter economy, what we do is, you know, I'll give you two of these for one of those. Yeah.
 
 Okay, Bard. Just would working at a relative price. There were two of us involved there were two commodities. So with money, money is a triangular transaction. K?
 
 There is one commodity. I wanna buy that can of drink off here. Mh. Two people And the price that's worked out ends up being in a transfer from the promises to pay the bank that the buyer has to the promises paid the bank that the seller has. So if I we what you have is a monetary transaction and a capitalist economy involves three agents, the buyer, the seller and the
 
 Lex Fridman: bank for the ben to be part
 
 Steve Keen: of it. Well, the bank has to be part of it what when when I hand the money, you accept that as you've now got rather than it's the bank promising to pay me something it's another bank promising to pay you something. And we exchange the promises of banks and that's fundamentally money. So money
 
 Lex Fridman: is fundamentally a threes sum and everybody gets fucked. Is that a good way to put it no.
 
 Steve Keen: It leaves for the protection like oh now no I can use french in this conversation. That's good. That's not French. That's That's a different language. I'll
 
 Lex Fridman: i'll talk you one day. You lost Australians would never understand. Okay. If I can return you we'll jump around if it's okay.
 
 Steve Keen: Not fine. So you mentioned Karl marx. Mh.
 
 Lex Fridman: As one of the great intellect economic thinkers ever. Yeah. He's not he's... He might be number one. You studying him quite a bit.
 
 You disagree with him quite a bit. Yep. But you still think it's a powerful I think awful lawn. Yeah. A powerful mine.
 
 So first of all, let's let's just explore the human
 
 Steve Keen: why do you say so? What's interesting in that mind? In the way he saw the world, what are the insights that you find brilliant? The Marx once described his major workers towards a critical examination of everything existing. So he's a modest bastard.
 
 Yeah. So he he he wanted to understand and criticize everything. Yeah. And even he he he wasn't trained directly by He, but he was his teachers with He and philosophers. And what he developers a concept called Dialect and dialect is a philosophy of change.
 
 And when most people hear the word dialect, they come up with his tree words called thesis and synthesis, I can barely get her words out myself. Yep. And that actually is not h a little. That's another German philosopher colin. Oh.
 
 I thought it was can't no fixed. Well, I'm not sure. You can i mix in my bulge germans like I seem to me. Yeah we are you? So but if you look this beautiful book called Marx and contradiction.
 
 You wanna find a great explanation for Marxist philosophy. I forgot the new Author. I think it's wild. W i l d a. Marks and contradiction.
 
 And he points out the actual origins of Marx philosophy. But I didn't know that when I first read mark. So I became exposed to Marx when I was a student at Sydney University and we'd had a strike at the university over the teaching of philosophy. And what happened was the philosophy department had a lot of radical philosophers was in it and a conservative chief for philosopher. And the radical wanted to have a cause they're called feminist aspects of philosophical.
 
 Sorry, philosophical aspects of feminist thought And the staff voted in favor of it This is back in the days when university departments were Democratic. The professor repo it. He got it blocked to the high level the stuff leap frog over that and then finally the vast chance sort blocked it. So that led to a strike over the teaching of philosophy at Sydney university, which is one stage over pretty over half the students were on strike. K?
 
 Right. Economics to began out of that teaching of a the last of feminism. Yes. Good that's such a different life to what we're living now. Yeah but that that's the academic middle year in which I developed all my ideas and I had become a critic I've gone from being a believer of mainstream economics when I was the first year student.
 
 To dis believing at halfway through first year. Mh. Okay. And I then spend a long time trying to change it getting nowhere. And then this philosophy strike happened and we took it on in economics and we form what's called the political political economy movement and had a successful strike.
 
 We actually managed to pressure the university into establishing a department of political economy at Sydney University as well was at pop of the economic. What
 
 Lex Fridman: was the foundational ideas... Were you resistant to the whole censorship of why aren't we having... Why can't you have a philosophy of anything kind of course
 
 Steve Keen: Well, it was a much more libertarian in the genuine sense of the word period of time at the end of the beginning of the sixty beginning of the seventies then word libertarian has been corrupted since then, but it really was about free thought. And you were the university to learn. It was about education. I remember having a fight with my father once who where Dad was angry about the marks I was getting for some of my courses. And he said if you don't get a decent result, you won't get a a decent job.
 
 And I said I'm not here to get a job in here to get an education. Oh wow. Now thing is ultimately, it's been a pretty good job for me as well. This is in Sydney by the way, and Sydney in summer is absolutely gorgeous. And what a bunch left is decide to do during some of red karl marx.
 
 Yeah. On the beach or actually inside the room of the philosophy department at the university of sydney in the main quad. Your sands all around us. And we've bunch of about twenty or thirty versus reading our wife's three remarks. Cup of lake which...
 
 There's only got a lot of one capital. And I remember walking off to that meeting with one of my friends who's the law lost student. And we This was a period of a huge construction boom in sydney to the whole skyline, which we could see from the campus was full of what they called kangaroo cranes. Which were Australian invention that occurrence that be have leap frog diver each other to build a a Skyscraper. But here
 
 Lex Fridman: you are reading Karl marx, looking at the at the mechanisms of capital.
 
 Steve Keen: And I looked at those mechanisms. And our new remarks argued that labor was the only source of value. Yeah. And you said machine doesn't add value. So the cranes are worthless.
 
 I'm looking at these cranes, I thinking I want a very good explanation by marx as why this clients don't add value. So reading through the first seven chapters of capital, what you found was Mark applying this dialect. And like the fifty and stuff is bullshit. Is not how Marx thought at all. I was reading trying to find this these centers as a synthesis and it's not there at all in any of Marxist works.
 
 So I read everything is ever written. On economics from eighteen forty four to eighteen ninety four and he's his last books were published. There's not one word of attention that what he does talk about his foreground and back crowned and tension. And his idea of a dialect is that there is so will exist in society and that unity can be individual there can be a commodity, anything at all. The unity will be understood by that society One particular aspect will be focused upon.
 
 So if you think about the human being in capitalism, the focus on the human being as an object, is their capacity to work? You're worker. Okay? That puts put in a foreground. The fact that you're human and and you wanna play a good tar and go surfing and make love and all the other things the humans do is pushed into the background.
 
 Mh. There's tension between the two of those. And that can transform that unity over time. And that's a beautiful dynamic vision of change. So dialect is a philosophy of change.
 
 So synthesis this is anti
 
 Lex Fridman: is what does every idea have a counter argument.
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. There's a positive and negative and you bring them together somehow.
 
 Lex Fridman: And then Mark says this
 
 Steve Keen: fall that background in ten
 
 Lex Fridman: foreground. It is all what we think of as economics and back, all the lovely makes we do as humans. That sort of thing. And and why is why is there
 
 Steve Keen: attention? Well because you you mentioned if you mentioned the unity, like, if if you take a human in any could you go back to Chrome those and when we're you know, living in caves and yep and we've got to go hunting and cooked food of of stuff like that, but there's no social hierarchy as we've become used to. So you don't get labor as a worker or a capitalist you're just a human in that situation. Then you'll you've got more an integrated view of who you are. And I think that's one of the appeals of of a tribal, genuine tribal culture.
 
 That you get treated for the whole of who you are. You've certainly categorized a garage your male your female. You young year old, you're a hunter europe europe tool, etcetera etcetera. But your treat more integrated objects. When you get put in a complex society like a capital society then one side of use emphasized and the others are emphasized.
 
 So is it fair to say that the background is, like, our basic fundamental humanity and then the foreground
 
 Lex Fridman: is the sheen of capitalism
 
 Steve Keen: effectively. And when you look at in terms of a human, but what marx it is applied this to a commodity? She said, what is the essential unity in a capitalist economy? And the essential unity is the commodity. Okay.
 
 That's the sensory unit. The essential unity, was unit unity he said an object in society. Okay. Okay. So he's he started from the point if you were trying to understand what how it's exchanged occurs.
 
 Mh. How do we set process? And he's starting visuals to say that a commodity is a unity in a capitalist economy. The part of the unity that we focus upon is the exchange value a capitalist produces the commodity, not because of its qualitative characteristics, but because it be solved for a profit. So the four aspect of a commodity is exchange value.
 
 The background aspect of it it won't succeed as a commodity unless it has a used
 
 Lex Fridman: value. So the background is the utility thing.
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. I see if you made something which didn't work. Okay.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah.
 
 Steve Keen: Then it has... It it might be able to sell it. It has no utility that can't... You can't make that commodity. A broken thing can't solved.
 
 Does that have the subjective... Yeah, has to have the subjective side for people in enjoy the objective. So the objective is what capitalist worry. But I'll gave my favorite counter example of that. I was in...
 
 I took a bunch of strange journalists to China way back and the period when the gang of four was was being on trial. And we did a tour of the the forbidden city in Beijing. And at that stage all the artifacts of the royal family, the emperor were actually in the building still. And we walked pass one of them and it was this gold solid gold. Bar about this long.
 
 Shaped like a fist turned over like this. And on this side, there were, Emerald Diamonds. You never seen german s. I've been gems that big. K?
 
 And one of the journalists asked me what I thought it was, and I said obvious, Jane is the back scratch. Mh. I walked to actually she caught up with me about twenty minutes that I asked one of the guides, it is a back scratch. So here's the back scratch for the emperor made of solid gold. With diamonds and rub and animals during the scratching.
 
 Yeah. Now that's that's a commodity in a feudal society. Okay? Cost doesn't matter. Do you want the most elaborate beautiful thing you want the emperor?
 
 So in that feudal society, the commodity, what's focused upon is the utility. And the cost of production when when you're the emperor is material. Capitalism reverses that. So the commodity and a capitalist economy is a plastic two dollar scratch you can get from kmart up or target. Yeah.
 
 And so the the the used value is necessary, but irrelevant to forming the price. Now that was a completely different vision of exchange capitalism to what I found in the neo classical theory, because that says, it's the marginal utility and the marginal cost of everything that determines the exchange ratio. On the crazy thing about that is not so much the marginal utility. But the argument in the neo classical theory is that the price ratio, the price will when is an exchange going on there's two person two commodity exchange of of two commodities for between two people. They will...
 
 The the price will change until such time as the ratio of the marginal utilities is equal to the ratio of the marginal costs. Right. They're supposed to be the equilibrium. And Marx says, that's bullshit. That's a previous society where you exchange stuff that you happen to have the stuff somebody else happened to have.
 
 Without any real production mechanism being involved. And you said that's like when you when you have an eight two ancient trial, or two tribes meeting. For the very first time. And one tribe can make something the other tribe can't make. And they will therefore the price they were going to pay reflects how unique this other object is that the this one tribe can make in the other car.
 
 So for example, the story of man manhattan being sold for forty classmates beds. Actually forty glass trading beds. I did believe it is a true story. But things the Couldn't make loss beds. So they value the glass beads that the island of man manhattan.
 
 Mh. Okay? Which is a utility based comparison. Or Mark said that's the very initial contact. Over time, even if you don't know the technology, over time, you start to realize how much work goes involved to making what they're selling you versus what you're selling to them and you start making stuff specifically for sale.
 
 Mh. So, you know, elon not losing personal utility each time, a model three goes out the door. There's no... He might get utility out of the fact that he's created that vehicle. That concept and manufacture it and so on, but he's not losing until as trying the model t ford goes out the door they're going back for the ancient ancient commodity there.
 
 So the utility plays no role in setting price. In Mo model. Whereas it's essential in the model, what's the difference in between utility and marginal utility. What is the word marginal mean and
 
 Lex Fridman: why is this is a problem?
 
 Steve Keen: It turns marginal utility or utility itself has different meanings than the two schools have thought if you take the classical score of thought, which when Marx comes from utility is effectively objective. So the utility of the shares that you consider in it. Okay. Not how comfortable it makes you feel. Yeah.
 
 No if you think about utility of the chairs we're both sitting and their identical from a classical point of view, were both sitting. K. But from a near point if it's how comfortable it makes you feel. And that depends upon your subjective feelings of comfort, You might be far more comfortable in the identical chair that I'm sitting in than I am. Yeah.
 
 And therefore the comparison is difficult. And therefore working out a ratio involves you've got decline in your each time you give away a chair in exchange for. Iphone, you have a fall in your utility. Okay. But and then therefore, you want a higher return because you losing more utility each time that the more shares you give away the less utility you're getting from chairs, that is a climb in your utility that's your your marginal utility.
 
 So it's including your subjective valuation in setting the price. And what Marx pointed out is this is a. Of actual change in a capitalist economy, because we have in a capitalist economy huge factories filling out huge quantities, specifically for sale they've got no utility to the seller unless they're all. Mh. Okay.
 
 So it's it's a it's a very different vision of how process that and Marx used that to explain where profit comes from, but he made a mistake. And his argument was that talking about a worker as now your unity, this use foreground background tension thing. The foreground is that you hire a worker for their cost of production. And the cost of production is a subs wage. K?
 
 The utility to the buyer is the fact that they can work in a manufacturing. Now it might take six hours let's say to make the means of subs. And that's the exchange though, and that's what the capitalist pays as a wage to the worker. But they can work in the factory for twelve hours. That's the utility.
 
 Twelve minus six is six surplus of value hours, and that's where profit comes from. And that was Marked argument. And I thought it was brilliant. But it also applied to machinery.
 
 Lex Fridman: Right? Okay. That's it's basically said. No. No...
 
 You deep is good. Just wanted to find terms don't take that statement out of context the Internet, please.
 
 Steve Keen: Okay. You said buyer seller worker in a factory. Who's the seller? Who's the buyer? Well, you're looking why is the worker the buyer.
 
 The workers is the commodity in this case. Because when when if you're gonna make stuff factory, you've got a hard workers. Yes. Okay. And what Marx is saying the buyer and that situation is a capitalist.
 
 So what is the bio pay He says you pays the exchange value. That's They get back to the commodity thing that that's just because that's the starting point. You said the essential unity in a capitalist economy is the commodity. A commodity has two characteristics, exchange value and used value. Okay?
 
 Exchange value of a commodity in a capitalist economy will be its cost of production. The use value is what you do with it. Okay. Once you purchased it, but labor is a commodity in this case when you a workers being hard
 
 Lex Fridman: for a job. Yes. So the workers labor has an exchange value and i used that.
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. Use value use value of a worker's labor. It could change value. Let me
 
 Lex Fridman: think about that. So
 
 Steve Keen: that So the hours they put in is the use value. Interesting.
 
 Lex Fridman: So what what is the worker? Want in this... What are the motivations? Are we not considering the worker in this context as a human being?
 
 Steve Keen: You want... And that's actually that's that's the next layer. What what marx give us just like a a a layered cake starting from a foundation of saying, straight commodity exchange and then saying where you're trading the workers the commodity. Now a commodity is something, you know, like this. Okay.
 
 That has... So far i'm my aware no soul. Okay Yeah. Not gonna be complaining if I turn it upside down it all over, but yeah. So that's there's no soul there as a human.
 
 Is both a commodity and a non commodity.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah.
 
 Steve Keen: And therefore, there'll be attention in the person. I'm being treated as a commodity here I'm being paid just enough to stay alive, you know I've got a wife and kids back at home. Yeah. So that that is another layer of of of thinking in Marx and and on that lady then says what workers will therefore, demand more than their value. So that's when you get like political.
 
 You got political and you get money coming above that and so on. But the basic idea starts from the commodities is, the fundamental unity and capitalism. The important commodity in Marx was thinking was the worker because that's where he said profit came from. Okay. And then that explains the motivation of the capitalist and that ultimately release of the labor theory of value and marxist arguments about how capitalism will come to an end.
 
 Okay. Okay. Yeah. So first of all, what is the labor theory of value? And actually, before that, yeah.
 
 What is value? Is that this is like me asking what's happiness. Is there something interesting to say about trying to define value vary and this is a huge problem in economics arguments of what this value mean. And the neo classifiers came down is that it's subjective it's value is whatever you get out of it, but is your personal evaluation of something your personal feelings. So therefore that very subjective of value.
 
 Whereas the Marxist being inherited as the classical school. Talk terms of objective value. So the value is the number of hours. It takes to make something. Or the effort value is value is the effort that goes into making something in the classical score.
 
 Well, that's just like one measure of objective. Where do you fall? What
 
 Lex Fridman: where do you fall?
 
 Steve Keen: I thought I'm subjective
 
 Lex Fridman: versus a subjective versus objective spectrum.
 
 Steve Keen: I think you have... You have to have the capacity to to move between one and the other in a structured model of value. You know. Well my my base model is the objective. Yeah.
 
 But above that, the soon you start talking used about the work for example, then you get involved in subject because a worker will be angry. And justify so about being treated as a commodity. Because I'm not I'm not a commodity. I'm a human being. Okay?
 
 And that's marx or political organization coming from. So... And that's subjective now. And then when you get some money itself, Marx actually said, well, what's the... What's the value of money?
 
 Now if you use an objective theory of value, you would so all the cost of money, the value of money is its cost production. What's the cost of producing a dollar. It's about two cents. So he said it can't be. The value of the money cannot be its cost of production.
 
 Or a much value. I think it was for remember the phrase properly. Almost is value here it must mean the effectively uncertain expectations or subjective valuation certain expectation or subjective valuation. Okay, But it is
 
 Lex Fridman: okay with that.
 
 Steve Keen: He was okay. Would that he could move between different levels. Because he's he's had a structured foundation of this dialect electrical vision. Foreground background tension. Commodity having used value exchange value and a gap between the two.
 
 Mh. When you're talking about machines, like when you buying stuff of production, And then at the next level it could look at workers worker organization and say that's driven by being treated as a a commodity when you're a non commodity. So the basic labor theory of value that is described
 
 Lex Fridman: to Karl Marx is that value the base layer fundamentally comes from the labor you put into something. Yeah. And you say, well, there's some deep truth there, except he misses one fundamental at the point, which is machines can also bring value to the world. Yep. He was saying they don't.
 
 He he was... It was... The only thing that matters human labor, not not Yeah. Labor. How do you measure what's the role of the...
 
 Whatever value
 
 Steve Keen: machines bring to? This is this is another intriguing history because marx when he first started had what you can call a an exclusive explanation for why created value like that. And that was say that there's the labor is the only commodity with both what he call commodity and commodity power. So you have labor and labor power. Playback is the and I get fuzzy about this So haven't read for something like thirty is, but labor has both commodity and commodity power.
 
 The commodity is you can buy labor, which is the means of subs, labor powers, the capacity to work in factoring. There's the difference between the two. Therefore, that difference will give rise to surplus and there's no other commodity that has this instance of commodity and commodity power. So that was his exclusive for argument, in the middle of the eight eighteen fifty seven, he was visited by a guy called Auto brow in his time in Chelsea. And ot returned to Marx, a copy of of He phenomenal.
 
 I think it's called of right. I haven't read it, but that's the book. And he Marx was then at this stage reading through all the classical theorists again. And he was suddenly he read He again. And if you know hunter arrest Thompson, Mh.
 
 Of course. Okay. Doesn't know. Somebody hasn't had enough drugs, obviously. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: But thompson you come with you in a dream after you take your first the
 
 Steve Keen: or whatever. And If you know your drugs well i you can tell okay stoned, okay. On cocaine, you know, Well, mark suddenly his rod stall in the middle of the book called the Grand racer completely changed. He switched from weed to c cocaine. He switched from Ricardo to He.
 
 Mh Okay? And what in Ricardo here, this exclusive argument about labor and suddenly h is back talking in terms of dialect. Not actually using the word but foreground and background and tension. And then he... That's where this used value exchange value attention thing came from.
 
 Is reread h thirteen years after he stopped reading philosophy. Because made in forty four, he was reading just the economists
 
 Lex Fridman: So you're saying Karl Marx is human
 
 Steve Keen: after all. He's human. He could be in... I would love to have a beer with cow.
 
 Lex Fridman: Four one for Carl. He's called. He's mister marks to meet.
 
 Steve Keen: Maybe be called I'm a afraid after all luc.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Yeah. You've you've had quite a
 
 Steve Keen: journey
 
 Lex Fridman: together. So that's where after it hey go. His interpretation of the comes and in the form of backup fog out background.
 
 Steve Keen: And then on page, two hundred and sixty seven is the penguin edition of the Racer.
 
 Lex Fridman: One,
 
 Steve Keen: your memory. One and a half page long footnote. It's pretty hard to forget. Because what... We're not when I did this...
 
 When I first read Marx way way back when I was how old was I twenty. Okay. I've tried to explain my explanation of Marxist used value exchange value stuff to my colleagues in this philosophy discussion room at sydney university during a summer. That be outside concrete. Sands stone walls discussing marx.
 
 And I want to say that the used value exchange value argument can be applied to a machine. What's the exchange value machines cost of manufacturing? What's its used value? It's capacity to produce goods for style. No relation between the two, there be a gap the machine can be a source of profit.
 
 Mh. Now I said that... And I got laughed at, I'm quite literally laughed that. So when I went back to university thirteen years later to do a master's degree. I've chose to read through and find in Marx.
 
 Where he first came across this inside. So I made a... My first master thesis has failed by the way and blue so. K. I was learning, I I didn't know the level of academic this discourse necessary.
 
 I had an advisor who didn't understand what I was writing. He got me to write for his New K audience. Mh And it was a mess and it got failed. So i got rid
 
 Lex Fridman: of you get
 
 Steve Keen: failed because like, why do he think... It wasn't a good thesis. So it was... I didn't know the level. He it it was written for audience my supervisor thought that I should be writing for.
 
 Mh. And it was a mess. And so I met another guy. Do you jeff how Jeff go fish burn. As a lecturer a new wales university.
 
 And Jeff was open minded. He was not a a conventional near classical thinker. And I realized i was I'd throw out the half that bill had got me to do focused just on marx. And so I decided read marx and chronological sequence. From his very first works of economics, which are called the economic and philosophical manuscripts of eighteen forty four, and he wrote those in a ga in Paris.
 
 After he'd been expelled from prussia. Mh. And so he decided to read the... Having been an expert on philosophy and really regarded us decision towering intellect of Gall and philosophy in Prussia, but driven out because he was a radical. He he ended up writing a running a newspaper being writing for a newspaper, and he reporting about the eviction of of peasants from the forests.
 
 Taking away their funeral rights. And so this is where his passion for economics and humanity came from. And he was a power. As well. I mean, wrote blood power On west West Highland.
 
 That's first published works for pretty much in power. He was a rap about. He was you know, a wild character we'd probably fight fight like Crazy I imagine if we met.
 
 Lex Fridman: Because there's over the beers
 
 Steve Keen: I'm I'm slightly even though I can be I can get involved in an argument like know nobody's business. No. Really? Not really. But I'm a bit more peaceful with personality.
 
 But you
 
 Lex Fridman: think Marx is feisty than you?
 
 Steve Keen: He was fast, but fast was... He could be Arrogant. I'm like, I'm a... I've I've got an intellectual and stuff... Yeah come to accept
 
 Lex Fridman: that. But there's like a fundamental humility
 
 Steve Keen: too. Yeah. Of you're
 
 Lex Fridman: saying Marx is like... Yes ego. That's.
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. I'm guessing. I'm mean, I'm never gonna meet him.
 
 Lex Fridman: Or the beard
 
 Steve Keen: says ego to be it is here... Yeah. That's that's
 
 Lex Fridman: pretty. Okay. So this is... So you went chronological,
 
 Steve Keen: Right through his
 
 Lex Fridman: development of the human being through his work.
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. And I was trying to find a point which you discovered this use value exchange value idea. And it occurs in a footnote on page two hundred and sixty seven to two sixty eight of the penguin edition of the Gu so which that his notes he was taking literally not meant for publication literally sitting at a store inside the British museum, I think reading all the classical authors in chronological sequence and then somebody throws he at him and suddenly he's talking in her go terms. And he suddenly says, is not because it's whole value issues. What is values exchange value used spelling?
 
 How did they relate to each other? That's what he was thinking about. And he said, is not used value, which was left out of the classical score, a fundamental aspect of the commodity. Is there no tension between the used value and Exchange value? Did just so we're clear in that context, used values kind of the subjective thing, exchange values is the objective thing.
 
 And Max was found why they integrate the two. Mh. Well he
 
 Lex Fridman: was focused
 
 Steve Keen: on labor being the only thing that can generate both the value the change. But no. If you look at the classical school, they focused on exchange value, objective. Look at the nail. By faces upon used value subjective, or they call it utility.
 
 So marx coming from the recording tradition, basically dismissed the role of utility. And then when he reads H, he suddenly starting to think in terms of unity and exchange value and used value is the unity of the commodity. Anything small. I can't ignore used value. So rather than leaving it out completely which is what Ricardo and Smith does.
 
 I've gotta to somehow bring it in and this gathering and insight occurs to him. And you... It's it's remarkable. Do you I really recommend taking a look at the book. Even just to look at that particular page.
 
 Because what it would have been is shown as a footnote, but it would have been him saying, oh, wow. And he's asterisk asterisk, is not, use value, a fundamental aspect of the unity of a commodity. So in the notes you see
 
 Lex Fridman: the discovery of an idea in the
 
 Steve Keen: human beautiful of the integration of an idea. Actually brought does this have significance and economics question mark and then he probably went home that night. And, like, that that that idea changed yeah. You changed them completely.
 
 Lex Fridman: Okay. Yeah.
 
 Steve Keen: And from that point on his writing was completely different, but he still had this idea from the Days as saying that labor is the only source of value using an exclusive argument to say there's something unique about labor. Mh. That explains why it's a source of value. But suddenly this insight occurs to him anything thinks I can get a positive der action. I can use use value and exchange value and the fact that i'm not related to each other as a dialect tension to explain surplus value.
 
 And that's what he does. So he goes from a negative explanation of where value comes from to a positive explanation on that page of the. And he then triumphant uses it to explain why labor is source of value. You bought it for its exchange value. You use its use value they're unrelated, use value will be bigger.
 
 That's where profit comes from. Then he does exactly the same thing for machinery. Got thirty pages on. Mh. He says it also has to be contemplated, which was not done before.
 
 This is right nice to himself. By the way, that's it's written in really in a style. That the use value of a machine significantly greater than its exchange value actually lift out the is. It's used is obviously be a determined it'll be a translation into English of the German. I'm sure.
 
 I don't know. I haven't i've seen original not. So i'd love to see them. But he says legally lives out the word is. It also has to be contemplated that the use value significantly greater than its exchange value.
 
 I that the contribution of the machine to production exceeds its depreciation. And that was an insight which undermined his explanation for revolution. Okay. Can can you say that again? The the cost of production exceeds is
 
 Lex Fridman: depreciation. Yeah. Is that... Okay. Can you linger on that?
 
 I... Well,
 
 Steve Keen: what marks i'll get and you read this in capital I read this in capital. When I first saw the contradiction in his own thought. He said that no matter how useful the machine is, whether it has took a hundred hours to make or cost one hundred and fifty pounds. It cannot under any circumstances add more to production than a hundred and fifty pounds. Which in his old exclusive as logic he could justify and which in his model is he's post eighteen fifty seven.
 
 Lex Fridman: Argument his bullshit. Can you steal man his case? Can we go to the mind or marx and thinking if a machine costs a hundred bucks, it can't be ever more
 
 Steve Keen: bring more valued than a hundred bucks. But that contradicts his previous logic. Because what you what he said is you have a commodities is the essential unity and capitalism capitalism and focuses upon the exchange value that pushes the used value into the background and there's tension between the two. What that means is the exchange value of the commodity sets its price. The used value is independent.
 
 He called them inc inc. He literally would that used the word in ability between exchange value and a used value. Mh. Whereas neo make them comme. So you're saying exchange value and use value inc.
 
 And that normally means that exchange values is objective, like the number of hours it takes to make something. Used value subject subjective of how comfortable the chair is... The fact you can sit in this here. So that's inc ability. But when you applied in production, the exchange value of something is objective, it's how many hours it takes to make a machine know how many hours it takes to make the means of systems for a worker, the used value is also objective.
 
 You're making commodities for sale. And the worker does six hours six hours of work will making the means of for the worker, but the worker will work a twelve hour day. And the six hours becomes a gap. Now that's in inc ability between used value and Exchange value of labor. But when you look at what he said about no matter how long it takes to make a machine or how many pounds of costs he's saying they're identical.
 
 And that's contradicting his own logic. Or what's the youth value of a machine? Fact that it can produce goods for style, exactly the same as the worker. Now what I've in my modern rein interpretation of marx which brings in my work on energy. I see both labor and machinery as a means to harness energy and produce useful work.
 
 And they can both do that. In fact, they
 
 Lex Fridman: do it together. It's a collective enterprise. Okay. So... And we'll go to that.
 
 So there's no there's no fundamental difference from a exchange value and use value perspective in a human in a
 
 Steve Keen: machine. And therefore, they're using the same logic that can both be a source of surplus. Yeah. Which is what marx contradicted because his explanation for her socialism would come from is that only profit comes from blake profit comes only from labor. Over time, we'll add more machinery than labor.
 
 That will mean a falling rate of profit and therefore a tendency towards socialism. And what he did in that insight in eighteen fifty seven is his own idea about what it leads to socialism. Well, and he couldn't cope with it. Okay. What's the difference between marc economics and marxist political ideology.
 
 The gap between the two the overlap, the difference is, what the real the real foundation of Marx political philosophy was the economic argument that the tendency for the right of profit to fall. And that tendency through the profit of fall would lead to capitalists bat down workers harder, paying them less them the subs systems. Our revolt by workers against this and then you would get socialism on the other side. So he's... He what he called the tendency for the right of profit to fall, played a critical role, in his explanation for our socialism would have to come about.
 
 He was saying it would have to
 
 Lex Fridman: come about or is that a good thing for it to come about?
 
 Steve Keen: But didn't come about... He had a assured, but he was trying to say it must. So he you if if you look at Marx in the history of radical thought, he was preceded by what we're called Utopian socialists saying some on even the Cadbury company came out of Utopian socialist. And they had an idea about a perfect society in the future where people were properly rewarded, were treated at human beings rather than cogs in a machine. And all this sort of stuff.
 
 And they said socialism should come about because it's it treat him better than capitalism does. Mark said, I can prove that socialism must come about So he preferred he had a a utopian vision of a future society, but he thought he could prove that it had to come about and the proof relied critically upon tendency for the rate of profit to fall and that relied upon labor being the only source of
 
 Lex Fridman: profit. What's what was his to view? So that's this idea from each according his ability to each according to his needs Yeah. Is that the Utopian...
 
 Steve Keen: I think it's Utopian in in the context of our modern world. It it it says that you you rather than being rewarded like Jeff Bezos gets enormous fortune. You get what you need. Not what you want necessarily. Or what all needs is fulfilled.
 
 It was... It was a vision of you Utopia week could be a fisherman in the morning a poet in the afternoon and chef at night. Okay? This para one of his phrases. So he did have a good utopian vision of a future society.
 
 And he did think human creativity did much much greater under socialism than it was under capitalism. He was
 
 Lex Fridman: wrong. So let's exploring different ways where he was wrong. You're saying there's a fundamental flaw and the logic. Mh. But also if we can link...
 
 If we can explore the high level philosophical concepts of socialism too, like the dreams of the utopia. Yeah. So what First of all, what is socialism? That's another loaded terrible what is.
 
 Steve Keen: The socialism, particularly in Americas are very loaded. So my word Americans call socialist is a large amount of provision of services by the state, which is commonplace in Europe. It's still moderately commonplace in my own home country of Australia. And that Americans will call a public education and socialist. It's a total parody of the word.
 
 Strictly speaking what socialism meant is the public ownership of the means of production. No private ownership to the demands of production. What is the means of production? What change
 
 Lex Fridman: factories factories. So all the goods that are produced in factories No. The means of producing the goods owned
 
 Steve Keen: by
 
 Lex Fridman: a centralized entity.
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. Centrally planned. This is it was actually was done under Ga plan under the Soviets. And even with the collective collective farms as well, you no longer owns you alone, the state owned and the land you worked on the land. And this was supposed to be your Utopia.
 
 Right? Now out to be one.
 
 Lex Fridman: And we'll talk about maybe your ideas of why it didn't turn on to be one. So the the fascist did the same. So it's just fascism also.
 
 Steve Keen: So called national socialism. It's also a kind social. So yeah. But I there was no... It wasn't public on it.
 
 There's public direction. So the state would tell that factories what to do with a still private profit. And a large part of what the nazis succeeded was the extent which they managed to c opt. Major manufacturers in Germany. So it's...
 
 you know, direction versus ownership, It's
 
 Lex Fridman: a dictator tutorial. I mean, that's a very particular
 
 Steve Keen: implementation. Yeah. So have...
 
 Lex Fridman: You have to consider the full details of the implementation, but it's basically dictator guided. Yeah.
 
 Steve Keen: And if you wanna... If you wanna check the... If you wanna take a a proper vision then you have to say, it's the ownership of the means of production by the state. Yeah. Okay.
 
 Versus the ownership by private. That rules out the Nazi period to use the word that again they're bastard as much as Americans do in the opposite direction.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, what does ownership exactly mean?
 
 Steve Keen: But it's... It it it it came incredibly complicated. And this is and this is actually the best work on this is done by originally deceased Hungarian economist called Y Ko. And Ko I tried to explain why socialism failed. Okay
 
 Lex Fridman: Because why dead socialism have fail in your view? In has view Any analysis you're...
 
 Steve Keen: I think is a hundred percent correct, and it's it's what brilliant piece of work. So I'm gonna be really para his view. And he imagined ideal socialist society, and there wasn't a stalin that weren't purchase, and you lived off to all the deals that Marx had for socialism. So he said in but you do it in in a context of an economy, which is incredibly primitive, Russia. Okay?
 
 Mh. Because if you look at Mark's own vision of the revolution it was gonna happen in England. K? The advanced economies would be first to go through the revolution. The socialist, the primitive economies would have to go through a capitalist transition.
 
 And this is the difference when the and the and the bolsheviks of x. So the man when the H minsk came out of the Man family, The Men believe you had to go through a capitalist phase. Russia had to go through a capitalist period before it becomes socialist the bolsheviks believe they could get there and one go. K? I bypass the capitalist phase do the development under socialism rather than under capitalism.
 
 And this is what Y Jan was actually analyzing. You start from a primitive know, feudal economy, very little, and you wanna jump to in advanced industrial society from that foundation. So you said what you have then for is a whole range of industries, all of which need as much resources as you can get for them. K? So you wanna develop agriculture mining industry.
 
 Every little division of it. They all have legitimate demands on the resources of the country and the state. That means that all your resources are fully employed and they're probably over employed. Okay. So you have a resource constraint.
 
 In that society. The easiest year's way to cope with a resource constraint is to produce last year's commodity. Not to though not to make change. So what they will give you is as you start to add, know, your invest. So you now have beginnings of the steel industry beginnings of a car industry and so on.
 
 You start investing, but you continue producing the same product you made last year. And I have a perfect personal example of that, which throw in now if you like heavy conversation. I my first major girlfriend had a brother. Who wanted to get a motorbike. But couldn't afford a honda or a kawasaki.
 
 At the time that cost about three thousand dollars for six hundred and fifty cc. Japanese motorbike. He found he could buy a c. Mh. The six hundred and fifty dollars.
 
 One dollar per cc. So I was there when i got Press. This is this is in suburban pennsylvania waters in in sitting. Mh. So this crate arrives with the c motorbike inside it.
 
 So we take it a apart and got all these wooden piling. We have to pull off the warning power to open it up. Then there's oil sake drag over this thing which is tied on on a wooden basis. Yeah. We take the oil cycle rag off we stay in all its glory in a not in forty two Bmw.
 
 Yeah. Okay. It was exactly the same as Steve Mcqueen and way of Skype. So the Russians for thirty years were making the same bloody motorbike. It had a bicycle seat.
 
 Yeah. Okay. And this is what that's how they cope. They've just made the same damage machine every year. And they said, so that's that's the outcome you actually want the best possible world.
 
 You're trying to build as fast as possible. You're paying workers as high wages as you possibly can and at least or will were you done innovate? You said capitalism on the other hand, pure capitalist economy, you're trying to pay workers as little as possible. You have competitive industries, you're trying to take demand away from your rivals. You have Kawasaki versus honda versus Bmw, etcetera, etcetera.
 
 The way you get demand away from your competitors is by innovating. So what you will get is cycles and booms and slump, but you'll innovate and change over time. So what you found was this huge gap between socialist volume production with no innovation and capitalism with innovation. So that was the the fundamental failing. That Jon Corn saw.
 
 So why why does socialist not end innovate? Because if you go back to if this famous historical incident with Christian in the United Nations. Banks takes off his and bangs the death. Where you will barely a year. He literally may were gonna bury you in commodities.
 
 Yeah. We're gonna produce more output than you, and he was wrong. Because
 
 Lex Fridman: fundamentally in a long term to bury somebody in commodity production, you have to innovate.
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. And, like, there's also there's another remarkable soviet engineer, who was given the job of interpreting Marx ideas of industrial sectors. So you had the commodities sphere the industries for sector one six is sector three. Second one produced consumer goods secretary producing capital growth sectors rate producing luxury goods for capitalists. And so he had a a three sector model of the economy.
 
 And he was talking about the dynamics between them. And what Felt did was this as an engineer would it, which was brilliant at work. So what he said was, you you need to produce the means of production. If you want grow quickly, you focus on producing the means of production rather than commodities. So you don't make cars you make car factories.
 
 Okay. You make a few cars, but most of the other goes now expanding how many factories you have. And what he did was do a mathematical model where you start off with very low levels of consumer output but then you would just go exponential. Okay. Now I took a look at that back when I was doing my master's degree training and mathematics I've took feldman equations and then looked at what was actually driving it was, he was imagining correctly, a huge pool of unemployed labor.
 
 If you go back to the early stages of soviet industrialization back in nineteen, seventeen, post the second will post the first world war. You had all these unemployed workers. You had all these peasants you could take off the land and put into factories. So you had a huge supply of workers. What you had to do was build the factories.
 
 See building the factories. But at a certain point you exhaust the supply of un lowly employed unemployed labor. Mh. And so we're rather than having this just exponential take. You hit a ceiling.
 
 And then you can only grow as fast as the population because you're not in innovating. K? So that's what actually hit the safe soviet system. And it's why they never buried the Western consumer goods. And instead why was Eastern consumers looked in Envy that the goods being purchased by their Western people who said, if that's exploitation, we wanna explore hash.
 
 Lex Fridman: So... Okay. There's is a lot of interesting stuff to ask here, which is so the marks this vision for the socialist utopia is you have to go to capitalism.
 
 Steve Keen: The would true Marx original audio. Right.
 
 Lex Fridman: So is there a case to be made that in the long arc of human history on like human civilization on Earth that we're going to live out Marxist vision for Utopia, which is like, will we run into a wall with capitalism?
 
 Steve Keen: I think we are running into a world capital. In fact, I think we've already gone through the wall and we haven't yet realized for smash telescopes skulls. Okay. Okay.
 
 Lex Fridman: But on the other side we're bleeding and everything like that is does marks have any insights on what the other side of
 
 Steve Keen: Capital. What is yeah? I think that beautiful phrase of according to his disability, to which according to his knees, describes what which we should end up with. And I think that's actually if I think about, you know what I'm a on Musk fan. Mh.
 
 That's what I think is partially gonna be the nature of society if we build one that functions on mars because they're not actually seeing interview with his the Italian who's involved in designing what the future colony will look like. He was actually asked this question, Can there be enormous inequality in martian civilization Absolutely not because the resources we gain resource constrained applause. You simply can't give somebody underground bunker one hundred times the size of somebody else's is one hundred underground bunker. There's the the scarcity of resources impose a need for for quality overall. Is
 
 Lex Fridman: that always... That's interesting. I mean, just scarcity to resource Wait. But I feel like that's the contradiction I thought
 
 Steve Keen: when he's thinking you know, classical about scarcity. Yeah. I'm I'm
 
 Lex Fridman: barely thinking at all.
 
 Steve Keen: So wait. I I thought scarcity, the best way to build on top of scarce is a capitalist. No this is this is where again, our vision of what scarcity is is wrong because then Ricardo that space actually better than marx. Because Ricardo said there are some products whose value is determined entirely by scarcity. Yep.
 
 Paintings, rare wines, etcetera, etcetera. So they are things you cannot reproduce an manufacturing. Said the essence of capitalism what you can make a manufacturing. And therefore, for these unique objects, these rare objects picasso painting you know, a beautiful bottle of wine, etcetera, etcetera, then the utility can't be reproduced easily. So its price will be determined by subject subjective valuation.
 
 You said what we're talking about in capitalism is the stuff you can make on mass. Okay? And that that that is the true focus of the capitalist economy. And that is not about scarcity. That is about...
 
 The honest scarcity applies when you don't have the resources to make them anymore or you can't use the energy involved because you'll damage the boss with too much, which we've already done okay? But fundamentally, the scarcity that neo classical have made us think about in Austrians think about as well is is non reproducible. But the essence of capitalism is the commodity, the back the two bach back spreadsheet anybody can, you know, the cheapest chips to make, and that's why it can make a profit out of them. Not not the elaborate gold thing with diamonds and that only the king gets. So we think our vision of scarcity has been converted, by classical, analyzing the exception to capitalism and calling at capitalism.
 
 Lex Fridman: Okay. Fair enough. So, you know, let's put Mars aside because I think there's a lot of strange factors that i have to do with the whole another planet civilization that we don't quite understand, like, how economics works, with with different geographic locations, one of which have new challenges. Which is what essentially this is. I don't I don't know if you can apply the same
 
 Steve Keen: economics. No. Saying you your good question. I think we'll we'll be four into that by having to make a compromise with the ecology. And we've been ruthless about the ecology of this planet and we're gonna pay the price for.
 
 So and if you have a a planet where you can't be ruthless. K? Oh, yeah. Okay. You have to monitor as carefully as possible.
 
 Then those that that Utopian might be imposed upon you for the needs for survival on that planet back here. Marks utility Hiv was still the one that ignored the ecology. And I think if I have a vision of a your utopia in future, it's got bugger all to do about what humans get out of it. It's what humans respect. They have to respect life.
 
 So I don't see that as... I see that a as a one use Type you type here for single species as if it can exist on a own, which we should know it can't quick bathroom and break? Yeah. Bad right
 
 Lex Fridman: one. We took a little bit of a break and now we're back we needed to take a break because my brain broke and I'm piecing it back together. You mentioned ecology in life and the value of all of that. We'll return to it if we
 
 Steve Keen: can. Mh. But
 
 Lex Fridman: first, we said why this kind
 
 Steve Keen: of
 
 Lex Fridman: this idea of why socialism failed mh. Can we linger on this a little bit longer And how did the ideas the karl marx lead to stalin? So this particular implementation.
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: Is there something fundamental to these ideas that leads to a dictator that leads to atrocities there's something about the mechanism of the bureaucracy that's built that leads to an a human being that's able to attain, integrate absolute power and then start abusing that power. All that kinda of stuff like some of the history of twentieth century key is that in connected to the ideas of karl?
 
 Steve Keen: I I think of some extent it is, but I'm gonna also say that if it hadn't been for the Bolsheviks x interpreting marx and saying we can reach socialism without going through capitalism. Then it might not have happened. So if you look at like the Man were rival political group in Russia, And that's where Ham Min. Who's a huge inspiration for me.
 
 Lex Fridman: He's an Economist, who was maybe can we take it a little tangent who was h minsk? Yeah. Ham minsk,
 
 Steve Keen: was the person who developed an analysis of capitalism based on financial instability. And he was actually the Phd student of Joseph Sc pe and an Austrian economist as well his name are forgotten temporarily. And he asked him he his parents were both refugees from Russia. During the stalin in this period because the men were being wiped out in Russia, just like any other opponents to the bolsheviks were being eliminated. So that I think he's parents met in Chicago.
 
 Mh. Still remain socialist. Straw politically active. And he was educated in a family that was just imbued with Marx his vision. He and ended up fighting in the second world war on the American side.
 
 Coming back to America and studying mathematics and then also doing an economics degree leading to a Phd. And the question he posed for himself is what causes great depressions. And you put it beautifully, said, can it happen again, it being the great depression. And if it can't happen, then what has changed between the society before the first second world war and after day that makes a depression impossible. Mh.
 
 Lex Fridman: Was answer to those two questions. Can
 
 Steve Keen: how that was yes it can? Happened again. There was prevented happening by the time he started writing about it, which was the the lady fifties to the mid eighties late eighties. We met once, but only once. Beer over a beer.
 
 Now we gave the seminar hour at new South Union. Any bit of an infrastructure is response. What's what it's. Wow, was it means argument man and and locked to dismiss you. Like a good mate of mine was the guy brought him out to Australia called Graham white we're still day.
 
 But still good mate get eight graham. I love your language your act. It's a great actually there's a it's a really good tick tiktok I saw earlier today with an aboriginal guy saying he loves the australian language because it's a absolutely ironic. As you ask strain a question, and he'll give you an answer, which is the opposite of what he means and you gotta work out the rest of
 
 Lex Fridman: yourself. Yeah.
 
 Steve Keen: This goes that's another aboriginal maintenance. Could I mate how are doing? Oh not bad. What you been doing recently? Not much.
 
 When we going? So not not not not too far. Not too soon. Yeah. Whereas it are not too far away.
 
 Lex Fridman: And they're
 
 Steve Keen: all negatives. And he's a beautiful, beautiful rendition. Yeah. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: That's a cool thing about the internet
 
 Steve Keen: called the... They appreciate that ironic side. Like, for example, the best compliment you can give as an aboriginal to somebody else's that's deadly. As deadly. That's a compliment.
 
 Okay. Yeah. Wanted we got another made of mine comes to Australian language. But I call you a bastard, that's a compliment.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah.
 
 Steve Keen: Depending on how i tonight the wood, Boston
 
 Lex Fridman: bastard bastard. That's deadly. Yeah. I love that. And there's something unfortunately.
 
 There's something about the British accent that makes people sound Maybe brilliant may be sophisticated, but actually why... Yeah. No. That's unfortunately the downside of
 
 Steve Keen: the Yeah
 
 Lex Fridman: you sound pom. There something about Australian accent that you just can't sound brilliant. You know it humble you. It you sound like you're having a lot of fun. There's there's all
 
 Steve Keen: that stuff yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: But you just can't be like... you know, karl marx in an Australian accent is just not come off. That is a very good point. You would not be able to pull off the beard. Yeah.
 
 I mean, I just... Yeah. It's fascinating that that the accent determines, you know, something about the person. Maybe it's just chicken and the egg too. It drives.
 
 It drives the the way of the discourse. Obviously, there's a lot of brilliance. There's a lot of brilliance you work. Yeah. But it sounds like you're always having fun.
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. And then look, this poncho has got a lot of australian nights here.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah.
 
 Steve Keen: He spent what about about hell australia? You and a half and he's got all these mates who replace Aussie rules football in all You should join them monday day, a world. It's actually right. It's a very creative sport. It's much more fun it's different than Rugby.
 
 Oh, very rapid based of hopeless. Rugby is two morons smashing their bodies against you
 
 Lex Fridman: know. Easy know. Sorry sorry. Sorry. We we not me to offend the rugby be fans in the audience.
 
 Well okay. What what's... So it's too simplistic.
 
 Steve Keen: It's too simplistic. Because it's it's... I mean, there's skill on it I've seen some really skill for rugby union and rugby league plays in my day. Yeah. But it...
 
 Fundamentally, if you hit somebody hard enough, they go down. Yeah. Okay. Whereas in obviously rules, it's about catching the ball. And then kicking the ball and last scale skill and is it's it's...
 
 And the bodies of the athletes, I can actually get off me measure what sport is like by the bodies it creates. And you get these incredibly elegant life muscular forms out of aussie rules. Such beautiful words. You have in your vocabulary life. I don't even know.
 
 But else... I'll I'll assume you know what it
 
 Lex Fridman: means and maybe somebody in the audience. Okay. So Alright. Fine. Fine.
 
 We should also mention that you've in your youth, you know, like, light last year have had Olympic weight lifting is per.
 
 Steve Keen: That's as part of a wife's year long time
 
 Lex Fridman: ago. And and like you said, tennis, I also play tennis for many many many many
 
 Steve Keen: years okay. Yeah. It's it's a fascinating thing game. Just a wonderful guy. Yeah.
 
 That's my favorite time. Karl marx stalin. Yeah. So how how do we get onto Aussie Football, Australian and the accent? I'm not really sure you talked about the way I said something about Karl marx and with Karl marx.
 
 Anyways we got there. He we got there. But and now we've returned but back to marx. So I think that's a destination. I think marx...
 
 The failure of of socialism with Donald ko i captured beautifully. This idea called demand constrained versus resource constrained economies. Mh. And capitalism is demand constrained. Okay?
 
 And and this is again when neo here is completely wrong empirical completely wrong. So the neo have a vision of capitalism being resource constrained, and it's about maximizing your usage of resources subject to constraints. And as Corn I said, that's really what happened to socialism. What happens under capitalism is that you have fifteen twenty companies producing automobiles. Mh.
 
 They are all trying to capture as much as the market as they can. If you add up their marketing plans, you're gonna get a hundred and twenty hundred and thirty percent of the actual market. So they're all gonna have excess capacity. When you build a factory, you're building it with a plan for it to exist for five, ten, fifteen years. You have to have excess capacity in the factoring.
 
 So that means that capitalism has far greater of productive capacity than it actually uses. And then the way that you manage to get demand into your factory is to innovate and produce something nobody else does, or you're producing in volume and when somebody produces like a bun comes out of Fast, then goodyear here is ready to expand its production and take advantage of that. So that's the actual nature competition in capitalism. And that means that we get a corn c as of goods even if we have lowly workers, the variety of goods and capitalism is overwhelming. And and that's just doesn't happen in socialism.
 
 You get your nine forty two cost seconds your motor motorbike. That's it. When you put your money down to buy roof it will arrive in ten years because the factory is already fully constrained. So all these resource constraints mean that people aren't happy. Under socialism.
 
 And if you got a whole bunch of people that Aren't unhappy, then the best way to control them is to suppress them. So I think in that sense, ultimately, yes it does lead to something like Stalin is. So it's easier to give happy people freedom. Yeah. I mean, happy people get pretty silly out.
 
 So I don't know. Not to particularly the the extent which Americans either used and distort the word freedom drives me Behind. But you know, do... All of these words can
 
 Lex Fridman: be the story, but they all at the core have some fundamental the power in Beauty and and then we just distort on the surface for the fun of
 
 Steve Keen: it. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: Just start battles on twitter and so on.
 
 Steve Keen: But what citizens of the Soviet world didn't feel was freedom. Yeah. Not just in First of it wasn't freedom to buy commodities. The commodities is supposed to be on the shops weren't there. The volume couldn't be produced and what you then got out of that as well, was the you know the classic Soviet joke, they pretend to pay us some way pretend to work.
 
 Okay.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yes. So you're Not motivated.
 
 Steve Keen: Oh the guy I went to Cuba about eight years ago. Yep. Invited to get a talk then. And are staying in a hotel itself the hotels of story. This one day my meetings were canceled.
 
 So I thought I might go down to the beach. And they had a end up in the hotel they had a wing, which is the tourist office and there were three women working inside the office. So I thought I just got up ask them, you know, how do I get to the beach? And one of them sesame. And I stood there, just still in the in the in the room, waiting to see that make our contact with me.
 
 Mh. Three women. Nobody else in the place. None of them looked at me. So I finally went up to one of them and said, I wanna go to the beach and do some surfing where, should I can get a taxi outside Now fundamental issues saying I'm being page shit here.
 
 I'm not gonna I don't wanna work. I'm not gonna do anything apart from sit here and and qualify for my time. And as much as there are reasons the Cuban have suffered from American embargo and all that sort of stuff. You've still got a fundamental shortage economy that that Ko spoke about coming out of the structure. Of central ownership and central control of distribution and investment based my heart because i think some of the effects of that persist throughout time.
 
 It become part of the culture too. Yeah. Yeah. It's it's very negative culture.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. Yeah. Well from from the Western perspective.
 
 Steve Keen: Well, even from the people living through it. I mean, like I had enough conversation with Cuban, you know, meeting him on the street hopping in a cab. Does one Guy was talking to was he was in an industrial chemist and he's got a better money being a cab driver because he could make money out of taking foreign tourists from the airport to the city. By the way, this episode is brought to you by
 
 Lex Fridman: delicious coca cola.
 
 Steve Keen: I wanted didn't wanna to have it on camera but
 
 Lex Fridman: anyway. No. Maybe they'll actually sponsor. Why Wanna make sure you rotate the label to show. This is capitalism.
 
 What are we talking about here, even though it's red. Right
 
 Steve Keen: black it's actually an.
 
 Lex Fridman: I should tell you, I don't know if you know who michael mouse is Michael Michael M. He's a Ana kiss, and he lives the next door. He's
 
 Steve Keen: something. Okay. Now. I've lost touch with An interest philosophy. I actually used to read regional and bur and so on.
 
 And I enjoyed their philosophy, and then I helped to organize Nano conference once. Mh. And that was the biggest antidote possible. To being an Ana because... It sounds like a an entry point to a joke.
 
 Lex Fridman: You help to organize. It is a
 
 Steve Keen: party. It is... I mean, we literally spent three days arguing over whether they're should or should not be a chair person for conversations. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well that maybe that
 
 Steve Keen: money argument life of Brian was lived out live.
 
 Lex Fridman: Look at the bright side. Flight. Alright. So part of that explains why for example, even to this day in some of those parts of the world, entrepreneurship does not... Does not flourish.
 
 There's not a spirit in the people to start businesses to launch new and endeavors and all those kinds of things. We're just taking all kinds of strange little stroll, but how do you explain the mechanisms of China today where there's quite a bit of Yeah sort of flourishing of businesses and so on. It's a very peculiar kind of entrepreneurship.
 
 Steve Keen: They got a wife and central control. But it's it's but they still manage central political control but diversified economic control.
 
 Lex Fridman: So there's a... You could it is past of the draw between politics
 
 Steve Keen: He's possible and I think in someone's ways Trying more likely to survive as the society going into into the future than Western capitalist societies on. So let's take if if we do the the karl marks, the the the foreground and the background, you can the politics the the the humanity, the subjective stuff. And then distribute the objectives. You've gotta have the goods. And that's why like the big change from m is Done Ping.
 
 Was the characterized in that little saying that i I don't care where you have a black cat or white cuts so long as it catches mice. And there was a level of p to the don ping revolution over Mao and Madam in particular. And that was manifest in the desire to get as much of those Western goods as possible. And I was actually in China and eighty one took a bit of journalist there as I mentioned earlier. For a tool.
 
 We we ended up going to the s one free zone. And that gave us an idea of why China was gonna succeed because they had a rule that you couldn't just come in and exploit the cheap wages. You had to also have a Chinese partner. And within five years, the Chinese partner had to own fifty percent of the business. Which is huge.
 
 And it gives you an idea of the reduction in wages these American corporations are looking at that shut down the factory and what's now the Rust Of America, that might be paying somebody there, You know, they time maybe two dollars an hour, and they come across to China and they're paying two cents hour. So they were the enormous amount of wages that they dropped they are willing to fore half the profits and the ownership of the firm. So what the Chinese were doing wasn't just dick's exploiting their labor force it was also building a capitalist class. And that meant that you had this that's where all the, you know, Chinese corporations have come from. So they were building a capitalist system within a socialist command political system.
 
 And that worked. And it's still working. So there was the centralization of the economic stuff, the Go plan approach. I think that was where this the Soviets had failed. And and what the Chinese realized after what they went through under now was you have to have that capitalist period they weren't going to abandon the Communist control, politically the country at the same time.
 
 And that worked out brilliantly and there's a huge amount of innovation taking place in China today. And they also will do gigantic infrastructure projects breathtaking planning, going into that. If you've you would have seen videos of you know, building a skyscraper in a day over the planning that has to go into that. The pre preparation is necessary is enormous. So there's a real respect for engineers as well in that society, which does not apply in the west.
 
 What do you think about the
 
 Lex Fridman: from the western perspective? The destructive effects of centralized control the populace of the ideas of the discourse of the censorship and the surveillance other things. So
 
 Steve Keen: and it's a bit like we were talking about Russia to some extent beforehand. With centralized versus decentralized corruption. And when you had the centralized political stuff, means you know you can't criticize. Within China. But as so long as you don't criticize, you could see what you like and how destructive is that to the human spirit which you.
 
 Lex Fridman: From the American perspective, I found
 
 Steve Keen: some pretty deals destructive. Before... I I've been to China quite a few times over my life to lot in the last. Not for about four years, but the six years before that a few visits. And i staying in second and third and fourth tier cities.
 
 So populations have only four million people which is quite small on Chinese standards. And I had a lot of happy people that I was interacting my girlfriend at time her social circle. And like, you you can feel when people can't discuss a political. For example, in Thailand, you can't discuss the king. Okay.
 
 They still have, you know, less measures flaws. So you can actually be jail for discussing the king, and you can feel that to some extent and it's is political issue in Thailand now. But in China, what I got back from most people, that was a bit like a big duck big brother. Mh. Okay.
 
 But then when you get things out like the lockdown, which is applied recently, then you get the the failings of the Soviet system are still there. In the China system in that the easiest way to avoid criticism as under underlying carrying out instructions of people above you. Is to carry those instructions out to the letter. Mh. Beyond what the people actually want you to do at the top.
 
 So we had a classic illustration of that when I talk these journalists. There was a news report saying that China's output of light industry had grown by seventeen percent in the previous year, but heavy industry had fallen by seven percent we just did done compute. So he kept on asking why did this happen. Every time we asked a question, this is back in id one. The answer would be the initial answer.
 
 We followed the directive a central committee, the communist party of China. Mh. We finally got a guy to elaborate and say what that was. He said, well, this central Committee sent out a directive to promote light industry mh. So what did you do?
 
 Quite unquote. We stripped heavy industry factories and turn them into light industry. Okay. Now that's destructive of everything. Okay And that's the overlay that you've still got sitting over the top of of China.
 
 But a huge part of the industrialization was simply saying produce whatever you you know, you you can make goods market them seldom. And you get that innovative component of humanity is respected and the goods turn up and everybody's well fed food and Russia genres is far better than food in America. So as terms as the material satisfaction and and freedom So for example, George enjoyed dancing. I mean, if you we went to I think for somewhere in Shanghai, and there's this line of people involving a woman who would have been close to Naught and a kid who was about six. Mh.
 
 Four, partying it up partying it up in the opening and doing this Chinese is collective down. You have to be really careful about that kind
 
 Lex Fridman: of thing. So in terms of measuring the flourishing of a people by looking at their happiness have so many thoughts on this, but I'll imagining North Korea. And if you talk to people in North Korea, I think they would say they're happy. No. Well, let me let me let me try to complete this argument.
 
 Not an argument, but a sort of challenge to your thought, which especially in the bigger cities. Because they don't know the alternative. So what else do you need? There's enough food on the table we have a leader that loves us and we love him. We're full of our hearts are full of love mh.
 
 Our table is full of food, they would say because it's enough food. What else do you want from like?
 
 Steve Keen: No. I think... Okay. Like that's
 
 Lex Fridman: so let me sort of chat because, like
 
 Steve Keen: that that's an alternative. I mean, I've I've won in time and Romania.
 
 Lex Fridman: So let me sort of complete that. Sorry. Yeah... Because I'm taking the most challenging. When there's centralized control of information, that you don't know the alternative.
 
 That you don't know how green the grass is on the other side. And so your idea of happiness might be very constrained. So, you know, you could also argue that is happiness. If you don't know.
 
 Steve Keen: Like Bliss.
 
 Lex Fridman: Ignorance this bliss And then so it's happiness really the correct measure.
 
 Steve Keen: It's not for for the flourish. It's not. But I mean, there's actually a classic book and move as well we called Mao lost answer. Okay. And that is the young man of explaining his progression from being dancer in the cultural revolution through to a leading dancer American and ultimately struggling ballet way.
 
 And he explicitly says at one point that he he's told that the Chinese people have the highest standard living in the world. And the reaction of him and his kids like he's know, fellow six olds. Is god it must be miserable elsewhere in the world then. So then you they still know. Still know.
 
 There's no such thing as that complete ignorance. But what I'm talking about is experiences trying to say back in about two thousand and six in two thousand and fourteen. There was it's a feeling of freedom within limits you didn't wanna trans because the system is working. So if you like kinda like marriage pardon? It's kinda like married.
 
 That's a good example. There's limit says limits. That you can have fun within those limits. That's right. Okay.
 
 And and people did have fun, and they did feel free, but they didn't wanna go and get divorced. But that dilemma was accommodated because the boundaries until you started hitting restrictions were worldwide. Okay. And like when you look at it, I mean, look at the... Again, with the Chinese Communist Party, the administrators of that often highly qualified engineers.
 
 Who can then make intelligent decisions about what should be known his infrastructure and so on. And you got to China and you've got an incredible high rail in fantastic infrastructure. In Internet telecommunications and so on rapidly evolving Solar. There's is a range of things there that are so well done. That reflect the fact that the selection process that gives you your political elite.
 
 Is partially focused upon sucking up, etcetera etcetera it's still there. But it's also focused upon your skill levels. And you get people making decisions or damn know what they're talking about. Like Australia got a classic say example. Australia sucks.
 
 The reason that sucks is that the the life of h, which is out version of the Democrats was in control during the global financial crisis. And as part of that they wanted to bring in optical fiber connections to the house. So have an optical fiber backbone and an optical fiber right your to one hundred output flow from your home. And the liberal party fought that and said that's gonna be too expensive. Take too long to do.
 
 We're going to do cable to the node and then have a copper network linking from a note on a street to all the houses in the street. It's gonna be cheaper and faster. Have it more soon blah blah blah was a total technical fuck up. Mh. Okay.
 
 And Australian now has nephew. About fifty or or six to in the world is dreadful. For the Internet, two political figures made the decision tony abbot and Malcolm vulnerable. Rivals and leaders of of the conservative party we call liberal over there. Now that was shitty decisions that wouldn't happen in the country like China because you've got actual engineers making the decisions.
 
 They say you can't get decent speed if your link optical fiber to copper. It's gonna... So what you get is even though you can't make the decisions yourself a vast majority of the decisions that made intelligently. And therefore you expected it. Yeah.
 
 It's interesting, but
 
 Lex Fridman: Don't you worry about the corrupting aspects of power? Oh, yeah. That that you start... you know, you you have engineers making intelligent decisions, but at which point, does the fat king start saying oh these engineers are annoying. I have good Internet.
 
 I don't understand bring me the grapes. Well, that's
 
 Steve Keen: dani. You know, you get your effects that can happen. Like see from what I've seen is got elements of that. So friends of mine, who are caucasian can get away with it. They have a game that they play at conferences scoring how often people use with z name in a presentation and giving extra points for the number of photographs to see that's turn up in the whole thing so you got this sort of personality cult coming along as well.
 
 But at the same time, the planning for the infrastructure that's being built the social services, the general freedom that exists is so great. And like any chinese person alive today, like if somebody who's trying to my age was would have been an adult under the early period of the late period of mao. And god almighty that changed the improvement that's seen in their lives they that's what they think about. Sorry. But it's the...
 
 If
 
 Lex Fridman: you just look at the history of the twentieth century, your intuition would say that some of the mechanisms we see in China now will get you into trouble in the long term. So it seems to be working really well and in many ways in terms of improving the quality of life of the average citizen in China, but you start to get worried about how does this go wrong.
 
 Steve Keen: Well yeah, but at the same time maybe I mean, often people will say, you know, what's your vision for the future. And what they mean is what vision for the future do you have that I'm gonna like? Right. Okay. Now what did you have a vision of the future that you don't block?
 
 It's dreadful. Mean that's the ecological crisis. So I think we're walking blind fold into.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well that's... Right. That that that that part of the picture will have to love to talk about. Yeah. How fundamental the of a problem that is?
 
 Okay. But what does that have to do with the future of
 
 Steve Keen: other?? Has to do is that if you wish to impose dramatic controls on the consumption of the rich. Which would be necessary to reduce our consumption burden so that we can get closer to the ecological envelope we destroyed already, then you're gonna make more like this successful doing that with a centralized system where people accept centralized political control. Then you anywhere in a country where it's all diversified and use screams freedom every between every point in a tennis matching on i've literally seen that when I was in Philadelphia sometime back. So the ideology that accepts a collective attitude may be more successful in controlling out reducing human and consumption levels.
 
 Because when we talk about democracy, I mean, who who's voting here? How many horses and elephants and gets about Okay? It's very what's the bird. Yeah. Well you don't say them around here.
 
 It's a very human centric vision we have with this planet.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah.
 
 Steve Keen: And we're gonna pay a price for that.
 
 Lex Fridman: Okay. So you're saying to deal with global catastrophic events
 
 Steve Keen: since centralized last planning might be. Maybe... My... I think we'll work better a period. I mean, like...
 
 Again, but there's some centralized
 
 Lex Fridman: stuff in the United States for
 
 Steve Keen: example military. Yeah. I know.
 
 Lex Fridman: No. No. Okay. Alright. Knows that...
 
 No. There's that feisty Australian yeah.
 
 Steve Keen: So
 
 Lex Fridman: besides the military, there is that's the ideal of the federal government in the United States is that there is some centralized
 
 Steve Keen: infrastructure building, there's some big. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: But there's some. This the the question is, when you deal with greater greater global catastrophic events, like the pandemic that we're just living through the government would be able to step up. Mh. And impose enough centralized planning to allow us to deal sort of enable and power the citizen to deal with these kind catastrophic events in the case of the pandemic a lot of people argue that the first of all of the world, but also in the United States failed to effectively deal with the pandemic on the medical
 
 Steve Keen: side the
 
 Lex Fridman: social side. And on the financial side the supply chain. All everything in terms of communication in terms of inspiring the populace with the power of science and all the. Yeah. They failed.
 
 But the the ideal is that would be able to succeed. You would have to have a small efficient ideal, the American ideal you have a small efficient government that's able to to take on task precisely like the pandemic. But the thing is maybe it shouldn't have
 
 Steve Keen: been as small it walls I mean my favorite instance of that actually involves the Uk because the whole neo liberal approach is about a small efficient government. K? Well small efficient government works when you face small efficient challenges. When you face something systemic, rather than episodic, than it's gonna break down. And like this is...
 
 I mean, one of the things i've great respect to dear Anti franchise. You want society, which is Andy Franchise not easily broken, whereas neo pushed us was this vision of efficiency, but it's easily snapped. Like in the Uk, I've forgotten the government minister involved, but she was she asked her expert committee. How many this is performed well before the pandemic. How many masks should we have on hand in case of a pandemic and the answer from the experts was about a billion.
 
 Mh. Okay. That's fifty masks. There's twenty masks per person. K?
 
 Oh, that's too many. Let's just make fifty million masks. That's one mask per person it was gone in a matter of a day. Okay. And therefore, that's why they told us one masks don't work, you know?
 
 What they meant was we don't have enough masks for our health people, let alone for you in the public. So we're gonna bullshit you until masks don't really work. And then people don't wear masks, and then we've got enough mask. We rush up a production job. And by the time it comes along, people have got the skepticism about masks.
 
 So who does the can you elaborate who does the blame in that case gone. The blame comes down to the philosophy that says government should always be small.
 
 Lex Fridman: Now, but do do you really think that bigger government would be the solution to a mask
 
 Steve Keen: issue. So let me let me push back sort of as possible that that that's capitalism and solves that problem. I that's not if there's no money. In really long term planning and capitalism. Okay.
 
 There's money there's money in. Isn't it possible to construct isn't possible for capitalism to construct the system that ensures against cara catastrophic events, not when they're systemic. K the you can insure against episodic events, if you occasionally have a really bad storm, but in general, the weather's not so bad that all the infrastructure is being destroyed, then you can share that around on a percentage basis. If you had of gal and distribution, for events. And, and you don't...
 
 The mean doesn't move around too much. The standard deviation doesn't change all that much. Then insurance works fine. If you have if that's episodic, if you have systemic stuff where the climate is changing completely, and you're going to wipe out your agricultural capabilities you you simply can't do insurance on that front. You you can't make a profit out of catastrophe and capitalism.
 
 Okay.
 
 Lex Fridman: That's that example. Of climate change. Let's talk about it.
 
 Steve Keen: Okay. So
 
 Lex Fridman: you you mentioned that the human brain the economy and the biosphere, are three of the most complex systems we know.
 
 Steve Keen: Mh.
 
 Lex Fridman: Okay. And you also criticized the economics community for looking at the effects of climate change when measured as, you know, the effect on the G. Yep. So you're saying it's the catastrophic thing that the biggest challenge our society our world is facing. Mh.
 
 Why? If the the economist was disagree with you. The the effects on the G will be minor.
 
 Steve Keen: Mh.
 
 Lex Fridman: So we'll deal with it when it comes. Mh. That's that's the argument against. That's the devil's. You're saying no is a thing that will change our world forever.
 
 In ways that we should really really really be thinking about.
 
 Steve Keen: Okay. Okay. Make the case away. This would be case is simple. Economists have made up their own numbers.
 
 To say that it's trivial, and you didn't. I... No. I haven't even tried to make the numbers. I'm reading what the scientist right.
 
 Okay. Okay. And what the Economists have done and like this is william North house in particular, no vol Prize winner. Ex President the American economic Association. Literally a assumed that a roof will protect you from climate change.
 
 He didn't say it in those words. What he said was eighty seven percent of American occurs in carefully controlled environments, which will not be subject to climate change. Now the only things that all of manufacturing, all of services, included mining, as well, forgetting about open cut mining, government activities and the finance sector, all they have common that happen evening for roof So he's basically saying climate effects, the weather climate is weather. Okay? Mh.
 
 Okay. Now that is not at all. What is meant by climate change. It's mean changing the entire pattern of the of of the weather system of the planet. For example, the most extreme.
 
 Form of climate change would be a breakdown in the three circulation cells that exist in each hemisphere. The hadley cell the fair cell, I think it's called in the polar cells, zero to thirty, thirty to sixty, sixty and ninety. Those are the main bubbles if you like in the atmosphere. Now if we get enough increase in the energy in the atmosphere that like just like you turn the temperature up on a stove and you have nice bubbles occurring in a pot of soup and then turn the temperature up and they all break down. You've got bubbles everywhere.
 
 That's called the climate. If that happens, then most of the rainfall going to occur between zero and twenty and seventy and ninety and the middle gonna be dry except for extreme storms. We would we built our societies in a period of extreme stability of the climate. Mh. And when you look at the long term temperature records, up and down like a, you know, like a seesaw saw.
 
 Saw like a saw tooth blade. But between say one degree warmer than now and four degrees or six degrees core. Over a last million years. But when you look at where we evolved, it's just the turning point on the peak of one of those ups and downs. So those I forgotten the name of the cycles with the cycles caused by changes in the Earth rotation around the sun.
 
 And so we evolved our civilization just at the top. So coming up from a a cold period and then we're gonna head down to another cold period. And that's when human civilization came along. It's about a treat of about twelve thousand years. So across that period, the temperature has change by not much more than half a degree up and down.
 
 Now we're blasting it well and truly out of those con confined. And my wife interpreting what what climate change means is the stability of that climate that enables to build civilizations and not being a nomadic species. Is being destroyed. So the the challenge... And by the way,
 
 Lex Fridman: I'm playing Devil's
 
 Steve Keen: advocate already here.
 
 Lex Fridman: The the question is is there something fundamentally different now about human civilization that we're able to build technology that alleviate some of the destructive effects that we have on the climate. We don't know.
 
 Steve Keen: And we're gonna find out the hot whack.
 
 Lex Fridman: Any the certainty you think would be very costly.
 
 Steve Keen: Extremely. Because like many of the trajectories we might take will be much more costly than they're profitable. Yeah. And and like, when we're seeing some of the storms that are happening now in Europe, the ones that near wash away village, in Germany some time ago, the firestorm storm the Canada of all places. I've forgotten the name of the town that was burnt down, but an enormous temperatures in Canada.
 
 Again, the storms are happening back in Australia. These are all manifestations of a complete shift in the weather patterns of the planet. And they can wipe it out. Like, you know, a village just disappears. Just wiped out by I mean, unprecedented rin, and this keeps on happening.
 
 We've we've we are still living in a lifestyle when we're in nomadic species. Mh. K. So to be able to maintain that sedentary lifestyle, we do need to to engineer the planet we need to keep it within that range of plus one one plus half a degrees Celsius. Minus half a degree, which is really what it's been like for the last ten, twelve thousand years.
 
 Instead we're blasting it right out of that range. And we know some of the past climates that have existed then and we can model what they imply for our our food production systems for example, it's not the only example, but obviously crucial. So when you look at what the called global climate models produced by scientists, one examples and it was published by the Oecd last year twenty twenty one in the chapter on what we happen if we lose what's called the Atlantic mu all over overturn circulation or Aim mock and people would colloquially know that is a gulf stream. And that's what distributes heat. Or around all the obligations of the planet is part of a huge chain called the thermal circulation.
 
 But the part that goes across from the the equator to the North Atlantic. That's called the A mark and Gulf stream colloquially way. If that disappears, in the context of a two point five degree Celsius increase in average global temperature, then the proportion of the earth's surface, which is suitable for producing wheat will fall from twenty percent to seven percent. Proportion had care for for corn similar sort of fall. The proportion suitable for rice will go from two percent to three percent.
 
 Now that means the catastrophic, and that's the word used in the report catastrophic collapse and food production. So that's what we're toy with. And we are one and a half. We'd actually less them... We're about halfway there so that two degrees two point five.
 
 And economists on the other hand, this is Richard told. Okay? Published the paper two thousand and sixteen. Claiming using what he call an integrated assessment model that economists develops that losing the gulf stream would increase global Gdp by one point one percent. Now that his model, this what really pisses me off about these people.
 
 That's the worst work i've read in fifty years of being a critic of neo economics. The Jc the one percent produced, of course, included precipitation as well as temperature. The Ia that the economists produce and this is stated yet again in the paper in twenty twenty one. Do not include precipitation. They simply have temperature.
 
 So they assume that if temperature improves by moving towards the temperature which is better for producing agriculture. Mh. Okay. Then so precipitation. Now that's completely wrong.
 
 They've left out a crucial i imagine trying to model the climate while ignoring the fact that there's rainfall. Right. That's what they've done. So their work is so bad. So dreadful better it should never have been
 
 Lex Fridman: public. The over. Right. Okay.
 
 Steve Keen: I'm gonna go for. Them. Sorry. This is...
 
 Lex Fridman: Well no. No. Want the one hundred percent as they deserve it so it's an overs simplification mh. But I also want you to steal man people you disagree with and criticize people you agree with if possible. Yeah.
 
 To be sort of intellectually honest here. You do say sort of to push back on the catastrophic thinking about climate change.
 
 Steve Keen: That the ecology, the biosphere
 
 Lex Fridman: mh is a complex system. Yeah. Economics, the economy is a complex system. So how can we make predictions about complex systems? How can we make a hope of having a semi confident predictions about the complex system.
 
 So the scientific community, yeah. Is very confident about the complex system that is the about there. And the the crisis that's before us on the horizon. Yeah. And then the economists are as a community.
 
 I don't know. I don't know what percentage but just much you too much. It's that part of the community is very confident mh. Looking at the economics, complex complex system in saying that no this system we have of labor, money and capital, so on would be able to deal with that crisis and any other crisis. And they kind of construct simplified models that justify
 
 Steve Keen: their confidence. So how do we know who to believe? For start if you believe the Economists, you need you need your bright your head. Because when you got an argument. I know it's not argument gonna this a summary of an argument.
 
 And that is that sounds a lot like an opinion in an emotional. I know. I know angry about it.
 
 Lex Fridman: Like I'll I'll tell you I'll tell you where I. And I've begun looking studying the climate change. Yeah. Much more. I used to be on things I don't understand.
 
 Have not spent time on. I have so many colleagues that are scientists that I deeply respect. Yep. And I trust their opinion. Mh.
 
 I have seen the lesser angels of my colleagues on the on the pandemic side on the
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. The side. Okay. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: The confidence, the arrogance that in part blinded, I believe. The the jump between basic scientific research to the public policy. Yep. Yep. And then that...
 
 So I become a little bit more cautious in my trust climate change. I'm still in the same place.
 
 Steve Keen: Mh.
 
 Lex Fridman: And i I don't mean climate change. And anything scientists to say, I'm... I've become a little bit wait a minute. How does the basic scientific facts of our reality? Map to what we should do as a human as a human civilization.
 
 Yeah. There I wanna be a little bit careful. So whenever now,
 
 Steve Keen: I see arrogance and confidence i become suspicious. Well, I'm the same and that's why I'm being angry about the economist because there's under incredible Arrogance. Incredible stupidity. At the Arrogance assumptions, which you look at it and think how did anybody let that get published? Sure.
 
 Okay. So that's the the economic analysis of the effects of climate
 
 Lex Fridman: change Yeah. Are poor. Very many
 
 Steve Keen: incredibly poor. Yeah. And this is like beyond london stars himself as the skeptical environmental and criticize the mental models. He doesn't take a look he doesn't criticize the work come up by economists. Yeah.
 
 If you look at it. It's so bad. Is it possible to do good economics modeling of the effects of climate change. Yeah. It is possible.
 
 Very difficult or is it, like, one complex system tech Then that case yeah. I mean, like to to to me, the what you should be looking at is saying what are the scientists saying at the consequences probable consequences not guaranteed, but probable consequences of increasing the energy level of the atmosphere by the amount we're
 
 Lex Fridman: doing. What can scientists to say in terms of, like, the effects, because it's so complicated. The effects of sort of shifting resources, So basically, what are the effects of climate change? How can we really model that? Because it's it's basically you're looking through the fog.
 
 Of uncertainty. Yeah. Because they're rising sea levels. How can we know what effect that has? Well, yeah.
 
 Then we know there'll be a lot of change.
 
 Steve Keen: this is... I I don't actually... I think the actually the signal level one is a poor argument, and I don't focus on it. What I mainly focus upon is the the weather patterns. Okay.
 
 And if you look at... Like we've got through It's the wheat Belt America goes through what Idaho and and countries places like that. And you've got incredibly deep tops soil. Ukraine is another classic example, the depth of the top solar and Ukraine is remarkable. And that's the weight ball of of Europe.
 
 And that requires both the right temperature for growing wheat and the right rainfall for growing weight. Now when we look at the models that climate scientists the building of of that. You have pretty much your ultimate foundation is is the Model of of turbulent and flow. And of course, that's the first model which we saw chaos theory complexity mh. That beautiful simple model, three variables, three parameters.
 
 An incredible complexity out of the system. But and what that meant was, you've also had an exponential decay in the accuracy model over time. Mh. So if you have accurate to a thousand decimal places. Then in a thousand days, you'll have no doubt whatsoever.
 
 Because each time losing an order of magnitude of accuracy. K? So that's the point about the inability to predict for the very long future. But what you can just say well, there's a prediction horizon. If we're close enough to the if our a statistical measurement of where we are is close enough to where we actually are.
 
 And our forecast is narrow enough to not extrapolate it too far then for this jig forward, we can make a reasonable fist to predicting what the weather's going to be. And that's the foundation of meteor the stuff we watch on Tv. You know, the most of the time, the forecast are gonna be correct these days. Forty, fifty years ago, most of the time the forecast were wrong. So that's the the background foundation to these Jc.
 
 But even they've got to massively simplify the world. So you have this enormous fear where they might divide down to a hundred kilometer by a hundred kilometer by ten kilometer know, cube rectangles, whatever. Oblong, that that's how they're modeling the transition. Of whether from one location to another. So they've got a chunky vision of the plant, which they have to.
 
 They can't model it now down to the last molecules. So you lose yeah. Right. It's not
 
 Lex Fridman: better and better better.
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. I think that's that's just too much processing power. But you you you're gonna have some confined you can't go if you look at the models is the weather they used to be of that a hundred kilometers Think about ten kilometer grids now I don't know. But so the processing powers let us get more and more precise that way. I do know that the models now include chemical mixing that occurs above cities.
 
 Yeah. They've added that complexity them over time. So you're looking at
 
 Lex Fridman: the increasingly the accurate models, the weather patterns, the effect they have on agriculture. Yeah. On food. Yeah. And you're you're saying that there's a lot of possibilities in which that's going to be really destructive the
 
 Steve Keen: society. And what in the full production side? And if you have that increase in temperature they're gonna go to change and precipitation. And it could mean that where the rainfall and the sunshine adequate for growing wheat is an area where there's no tops oil. So, like, a huge part of the models that they models the economists use, which only gives temperature trim don't include precipitation.
 
 They predicted that a large amount of the wheat of the wheat output of the world is going to occur in Siberia. In the frozen Tundra,
 
 Lex Fridman: what about... So that that's a straightforward criticism of overs simplified models. Yeah. What about the idea? That we innovate our way out of it.
 
 So there's totally new... What is the there's a a silly poor example this time, perhaps, but lab grown meat sort of engineered food. So completely shifting source of of food for for civilization. So therefore all some of the pressure on agriculture.
 
 Steve Keen: That comes down to the difference three next between producing a protocol for and mass producing the protocol. You can you can develop the id very rapidly to put that into production. On the scale it's necessary to replace what we're currently doing years. Yeah. And we haven't got use.
 
 We've got we might have decades. We certainly haven't got centuries. So in the time frame we've got, I can't see that engineering going from prototype to production levels to protect replace what we're currently doing in the stable environment they're currently destroying. What do you think about the sort of the catastrophic predictions that people that have thought have written about climate have made in the past that haven't come to but mainly unfortunately involving Paul Air and the population bomb. Mh.
 
 And the predictions poll was my a few individuals
 
 Lex Fridman: or the one individual in that case. Yeah. Sorry. I'm mostly playing devil's at conversation and you enjoying doing so. I do think...
 
 I'm an agreement for the majority of the scientific community.
 
 Steve Keen: But you still see that argument mode. I still see the argument made. And I also i'm a little bit worried
 
 Lex Fridman: about the arrogance and the ineffective of the arrogance.
 
 Steve Keen: This is the problem it's ineffective. And and that's what worries me because it's all then put into those sort of, you know, sea level rise, temperature changes, it's it's not put into the f. Of the system in which we currently live. And the earth will survive. And there's a wonderful science fiction called the earth abide About a world in which humans get wiped out.
 
 There's only a tiny of the band left and then the so gonna us well we survive what we do the earth. That's the question. And my feeling is that we have under the extent to which the civilizations were built have depended upon a relatively stable climate. And then as that there's that turning point in the maximum in the global average temperature that we evolved right on the top of it. And if we had done nothing, we could find that heading back down towards another ice could equally destroy the possibility of the life.
 
 At if that we'd never developed developed fossil fuel based industries. We would never built a super phosphate. So our population would never have reached one billion people. And we were still living like, fairly sophisticated animals, but, you know, like seventeenth century level of load on the planet. Then we would have gone down that decline.
 
 And the approaching ice age would have started to wipe out out our farming areas, the glaciers would have en and we would have been driven out of like an agricultural civilization by that change. So it's just the fact that we evolved on this stable period in the overall temperature cycle of the planet and that stability is something which just reflects this turning point in you the regular cycle of male cycle, I think it's called A forgotten the actual name, but it's a cycle caused by know, change in the earth or orbit but around the sun, flexibility and so on. That that cycle. It's just that tiny top bit that we evolved in. So what we should so that's that's really useful for us.
 
 We should stay at that level. Now if we hadn't done it we'd go back down here and that at the end of our civilization by an eye age instead we're going up here really rapidly. And we're we're causing a change in temperature compared to the long term cycle a hundred thousand times faster. So... Yeah.
 
 I mean, my my biggest worry is even subtle changes in climate. Might result pressure in geopolitical pressures that
 
 Lex Fridman: that then lead to nuclear war
 
 Steve Keen: and that's yeah. I mean, this there's an argument that's actually behind to some extent not the ukraine war so much, but the Arab spring of the walls in Syria which partially has led to what's happening in Ukraine. So and our weapons are getting more and more powerful more and more active more and more
 
 Lex Fridman: nations are having these distinctive weapons. And now we're entering cyber space where it's even easier to be
 
 Steve Keen: destructive barr weapons, which didn't exist in the second world war. So you know, you don't need nuclear weapons to have catastrophic attacks on each other. So, yeah, it's incredibly scary that that the war side of human nature. Could be extremely enhanced by
 
 Lex Fridman: climate breakdown. So in this world, on a happy note. I don't know how we went from marxism stalin to ecology, but all those are beautiful complex systems. What is the best form of government would you say? On the...
 
 We talked about the economics of
 
 Steve Keen: means
 
 Lex Fridman: You ran for office so that you care about politics too. How can politics what political systems can help us here?
 
 Steve Keen: I think we first will have to appreciate where one species is on a planet out of millions. And as the intelligent species we should be enabling a harmonious life for those other species as well. Yeah. Can we actually linger
 
 Lex Fridman: on that? What is You mentioned that we need to acknowledge the value of life. On
 
 Steve Keen: earth.
 
 Lex Fridman: You know, can we integrate the labor theory of value? Can we integrate into that, the value of life? So there's human life.
 
 Steve Keen: I I think if you if you if you take like that that structure that I talked about of Marx has used value exchange value, dialect to foreground background that only exists that only works because we're exploiting the free energy we find in the universe. There could be no production system without free energy, which is a, you know, the first floor of thermodynamics free lunch. Well
 
 Lex Fridman: all and it's grounded in the energy that's provided to us
 
 Steve Keen: but. Well, yeah. That's the free lunch. That's what we're we
 
 Lex Fridman: explore. The only freelance yeah.
 
 Steve Keen: Do you know Ginsburg spoke summary of the laws of thermodynamics furniture? Alan Gin. What the the the the laws system to summarize to a card win. Okay. B, you can't break either.
 
 Yep. So you can't leave the game.
 
 Lex Fridman: Nice. Yeah.
 
 Steve Keen: Beautiful summary. Beautiful okay But the fact that it exists in the first place is the free lunch. Okay. So we're exploiting the free launch. But to be able to do it, we can't put waste back into that system so much that it undermine the free launch.
 
 And that's what we've been doing. And once you respect the fact that we have to living on on the bars, the planet we're actually on, we have to enable that bias to survive us because if it doesn't survive us, we won't survive disappearing. And there's not that realization in humanity in general. And when you say the value of life you know, all the different living organisms done earth are part of that biosphere.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. So in order to maintain the biosphere will have to respect, like, pragmatic speaking, what that means is actually respecting all of life on earth, even the mosquitoes? I've got
 
 Steve Keen: some like. No. I sides. I mean, here we are a parasite. When you look at it, where the mosquitoes does of the...
 
 Of the the the large organizations. You you give you fan of the matrix movies at all? Sure. You know the sleeve where able what I'm wearing. Absolutely.
 
 I was wondering what the inspiration was. I was thinking over the situation.
 
 Lex Fridman: We are living in the simulation. Okay. And I have a conversation i'll offline to have with you about that. Okay him is behaving and we're gonna have to put you back in line.
 
 Steve Keen: So what what's Agent Smith says when he's got Morph. In his possession he said, I've been trying to classify your species and decided you're of virus. Okay. Now there's truth that we have treated into everything. K?
 
 We've taken over every element of the of the bars. And we think we can continue doing that. And the thing is we're breaking that we're exporting it so much. We're breaking it down. I think it's ceo Wilson who argued for the fifty percent rule he believed that we should reserve fifty percent of the planet for non human species.
 
 In other words, we'd make fifty percent of it off limits. Mh. Humans cannot go there. And we just let that evolve as a dozen and and we control the other fifty percent. I think he's probably giving us so much to us.
 
 I think we should actually say like twenty percent twenty five percent max. And the rest of the planet we let life go on and evolve as it does without our interference without our dominance. Now that's neither a democracy democratic system nor authoritarian area one. It's one which starts off for the saying we... The first thing humans have to do is respect life itself.
 
 Okay. So would we do that We haven't done it obviously. I don't think the Soviets would have done it we had a generally soviet system. We haven't done under capitalist we continue. So we I think we have to go through something like a star trek, a star trek, you, catastrophic two hundred years.
 
 To realize that ultimately for gun of survive species, we have to respect life in general. And then that means we pots of parts of the planet we can no longer touch. While we also try to maintain the planet at the temperature that we found it in what we now call the ant. Okay. So politically, how we have to have...
 
 Like in in many ways what native societies often have a vision of the cycle of life, not this exponential progression we've developed over the last two and fifty years. And again, I'll use another movie, the avatar type perspective of the cycle of life. We need to have that as pot of our innate nature. And then on top of that the political system comes out that political system has to be one that lets us feel like we have a site in the direction of society, while that part of sac. Okay?
 
 We can't touch it. But we also because we are now living in so many challenges created by our own civilization. I mean the main threat to the existence of human civilization is the existence to human civilization is both a feature and a bug. Yeah. And therefore, we need to have people who can understand complex systems making those decisions.
 
 Now that means that isn't a political system as much as it is an appreciation that the world is a complex system. And therefore, effects which we think a direct effect actually come through in a bleak fashion. And we cannot... There's no simple linear. Progression from where we are to where we wanna do.
 
 So you have to see how everything feeds together in a systemic way. And that's why i one is not designed the software where I'm wearing a too shirt for now. Minsk is to have and snow and near to the scale. The hope one day will be. But something which means we can bring together all that complexity, All those just and perceive them on an enormous screen where we have all the various interactions and we can see what a potential futures.
 
 And and that then guides us. So it isn't a case of democracy and, you know, outside wins vote, and therefore we ban abortion or we don't or whatever else happens. It's seeing what the respecting the fact that we're in a complex system. And being uncertain about the consequences and not making the bold expansion. Ideas that we've been doing.
 
 So, like, being a little bit more and so
 
 Lex Fridman: humble Humble. Humble is a good word, but wouldn't you like to apply that same humility both to the considerations of the the the pros of capitalism and and to the traffic view of the effects of climate change. Yeah.
 
 Steve Keen: And also, like I think we can we can afford to be bold in space. And that's one reason our respect the practical vision of Mu so far impractical vision of Bezos that if we're going, we look for the very far future. The only way we can continue expanding our knowledge of the universe is to move our civilization the productive side of off the planet. Off site back. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: So can you actually linger on this So let's actually talk about this. So that's all you have the new book Humbly named the new economics a manifest. Publisher chose the total. Yes. No.
 
 But I'm I'm joking, but maybe I will ask about why manifesto. But we'll go through some of the
 
 Steve Keen: ideas this
 
 Lex Fridman: book we have been already So some of it is embracing the fact that the economy our world our mind is the complex system. So this t shirt that you're wearing?
 
 Steve Keen: Yep. Like out yep. Is software.
 
 Lex Fridman: We
 
 Steve Keen: can I'll do that. Like they wearing That's
 
 Lex Fridman: info commercial. So this the t shirt that says minsk. After not not not my minsk. It's you're
 
 Steve Keen: simon. I sorry not that hi not. So I'm marvin it's
 
 Lex Fridman: now marvin right. So that's so Ai minsk. Yep. Is mine and then Har it all arrives. So stability is free open source system dynamic, software, invented by mister Steve Keen, coated by Russell Stand, forge.
 
 It's destabilize
 
 Steve Keen: ability use to
 
 Lex Fridman: So that's sort of embracing the the complex aspect of it.
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: How can you model the economy, What are some of the interesting with they're detailed or high level, big picture ideas behind your efforts of Minsk. Okay, minsk, the... Meaning the software the modeling software the the that model the dynamics
 
 Steve Keen: that basically Bud mis is doing his system that Dynamics model. So it's... If anybody's used Stella or then Sim or semi link, then they've used exactly the same family as software at minsk mosquitoes. Part of. So I didn't invent that that was embedded by J forrest so Is one of the great intellect, one of the great engineers in American history.
 
 And the of of Forrest to system was complex interactions. Mh. So he was doing his work in the fifties. If people don't don't know forrest as work he actually built the models of the oh the the the mathematics for the gun turret on American warships in the second global wall mechanical systems, obviously. So he had to work out of, you know, how to give a feedback system that meant when the boat rolled in one direction the the tower did not roll the other way, all that stuff was his work.
 
 So marvelous engineering and then he realized if you want to look at a even like a factory, a factory is a complex system. So he get cycles generated out of the interaction between different components of the factory that he was first involved in timing you built the software to model, complex interactive systems. So minsk is that the thing at Minsk ads, which is unique as the god table. And that's the double entry book bookkeeping. So you can model the financial system.
 
 Got the the economist. God the economy Wind god. Another great great man. So there there's like this... So you you're modeling it's like a state diagram.
 
 Yeah. Fundamentally so it's actually circuit diagrams, it's exactly what engineers have been using for decades. One a century. So you're using a circuit diagram to model the economy. And that's that's the So other the factories have done it they what they haven't had in the circuit diagram is a way of handling the dynamics of the financial system.
 
 So what the godly table does is bring it financial flows as being everything goes from somewhere and ends up somewhere. So you have a a positive and negative if you're looking on the liability side, a positive in a positive or negative and a negative you're looking at assets and liabilities side. And Minsk gets the accounting right for that. So you can do an enormous complex model, looking at the economy financially from the point of view of a dozen different actors in the economy. And know that the mathematics is right, even though what you're building is that of differential equations, which might be fifty differential equations with three hundred and fifty terms in them.
 
 If you get the godly tables right, you know the mathematics is correct. So that's the main innovation that minsk adds. And you're operating there at the macro level. Yeah. It's definitely macro it's top down.
 
 It's it's not asian based.
 
 Lex Fridman: And then this... I'm just open on random basis that I think is very relevant here. The process this is referring to minsk, not the software, maybe this software. I don't know. The process can be captured in an extremely simple cause of chain.
 
 Capital determines output output terms employment, the rate of employment that determines the rate of change of wages output minus wages and interest payments determines profit. The profit rate determines the... There's a very nice circuit
 
 Steve Keen: here. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: The profit determines the level in benefit investment, which is the change in capital, which takes us back to the beginning of this causal chain and the difference between investment and profits. Determines the change in private debt. And there's nice the keen model and the intermittent route to chaos on page eighty six of your book. Mh. These are disease come from the software?
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'll I'll first did that in mathematical. Back in nineteen ninety two, August not at ninety two. Math mathematics is another amazing piece of software.
 
 Yeah. But I find it it's very much a program is approach to mathematics I prefer like a program called Math had, which is what I'll be using for all my when I do my mathematics on the computer, a Cad or cab, Cha. Okay. It's been ruined by a bad management. They checked out all the good engineers and I'm still using a version which is twelve years old.
 
 With only engineers ruled the world. If only engineers are rather than this particular case, there was a bunch of marketers for cad software agreed. I'm definitely a fan of engineers.
 
 Lex Fridman: What are the plots that we're looking at here. Growth rate private debt ratio, employment versus wages employment versus debt income distribution. So what this is across years, like different trade offs. Yeah. There is there something interesting to say about the plots and the insights from those plots
 
 Steve Keen: yeah. Right? Yeah. Software. That's particular para of To give that outcome.
 
 But what happened when I first stimulated the model? I took a model by Guy richard good. Mh is one of the great neglected economists. American Marxist, mathematical Marxist and what he did was build a model of cycles. And he he actually wrote a paper called It's only about a five page paper.
 
 Published in in a book and a very very obscure conference paper. And what he was doing is trying to build a model of marx. Okay. So if you you write it not in sixty seven, and it was putting in a mathematical form the model that Mocks came up with a nineteen sixty seven. So it was the Henry birthday present to Marx.
 
 And what marks had argued in Chapter twenty five, I think. A volume one a capital section three. He he built a verbal model of the cyclical system. And it's quite out of character with the rest of the book. So when you read volume one a capital, people think Marx has got commodity money view of money.
 
 He doesn't at all. He simply... Did... He the audio was either like, an onion. Do you start on the middle level and you ignore the outer outlier, then you bring the outer layer and on so.
 
 Anyway in this model, in volume one of capital, he normally just see workers has got a wage. That's it. But in this little chapter, he said, that if the economy is effectively economy is booming, then workers will the man wage rises. Okay? And the wage rises will cut into the profit.
 
 So that capitalists will not get the level of profit they're expecting. Therefore they will invest less. And the economy will slump and the sample main workers become unemployed and have to accept wage cuts. And it was a model of a cyclical economy. And as it happens, Mark's been his later years tried to learn enough calculus to be able to model it himself mathematically.
 
 And he never managed those. There's marx mathematical notes on which are quite fun to read and if you have a mathematical background. Did you get far? Or no. Far.
 
 He got too caught up on the whole philosophy at never really got to build the model. Mh. But what what good was predator prey model. Okay. I locked the model.
 
 Was the basis of the idea. So what the you have have a prey, like a and the the example that that locked actually used initially. Was grass, grasses the prey, and then you have a predator and the predator cows. So you start off with a very few cows, lots of grass And then because of lots of grass, the numbers of cows grow and they're because the cows grow, they start to eat the grass. So the grass runs out so the cows starve.
 
 And you get a cycle and what what it was amazed by Was that the cycles were persistent, they didn't die out. So a good one got that vision and he then built on predator prem model. And I first of all read Good one and really founded it really hard to follow his writing. It was he's not a very good writer. But a guy called John, who was the professor of mathematics at New South wales University wrote a brilliant explanation of goodman model into book called dynamic economic Systems.
 
 I read that it was to superb and you said away you could extend this was to include finance. So I thought, okay. What I'm gonna have is that what good one pursuing is capitalist invest all their profits. Okay? So you get boom they're when there's a a high rate of profit because they invest all that money and then a slump when there's low profit because depreciation will wipe away capital and you'll go boom and slump.
 
 I simply added in well capital will invest more than their profits during a boom but less than their profits during a slump. And that therefore means they had to borrow money to finance the gap and pay interest on the debt. So ended up with the model with just three systems states. The income share, the wages distribution of income workers capital and bankers, the level of employment and the level of private debt. And those three equations are fundamentally like going from the lo of ul model with just two equations and therefore you get a thick cycle to the model where you have three.
 
 And therefore what I got out it was the chaotic outcome. So what you're seeing is a manifestation of chaos complexity in that those plots. But the fascinating one of the many fascinating parts about it was that as the level of private debt rose, I in my model I had capital being the only ones who borrowed. But the people who paid for the high level, the private debt were workers The rising banker share. Mh.
 
 Correspond exactly that were falling workers shit. So you're you can first from that that the workers are the was paying. Effectively the workers end up paying for it. They get a lower level of wages. And the basic dynamic is that capitalists when you have a three social class system, your income goes bringing workers as capital and bankers.
 
 Now in the system, the good one did, they're just workers on capital. So if workers share rose, profit capital had fall. Yeah? But when you have three social classes then capital can remain constant while workers fall bankers workers falls and bankers rise. So that's what actually happened.
 
 Because capitalists the simple way model was there's a certain rate of profit at which capitalists invest all their profits above that they borrow more below that they pay off debt. So what would happen is when you got back to that point, then the level of investment would be precise share of J. And therefore you get a precise rate of economic growth. But if there was a higher percentage going to bankers and offset by a lower share going to work as it didn't affect the capitalists. So what you get is the cycles sort of diminish for a while because there's...
 
 So just the other so the income distribution effect is important. So the workers pay for the increasing level of debt. But the other side of it was that the soccer would diminish for a while. Now what you get is a period of diminishing cycles then leading to rising cycles. And technically, this is known as the pamela pom man Root chaos.
 
 And it's one particular element of equations fluid dynamics. So what they found was an end examining lam flow and a fluid. You have a period where the lam flow got more lam and then suddenly it'll start to get less lam and go turbulent. And this this is what actually goes on in the model. So in my model of minsk.
 
 So what you have is a period where there's big booms and cycles And then as the jet level rises, the booms and so slums gets smaller. And that looks like what neo classical Economists call the great moderation. So I when I first model this nineteen eighty two, I finished up my paper which is published in ninety five for the I thought was a nice rhetoric rhetoric flourish. Saying the chaotic dynamics of this paper should warn us against regarding a period of relative stability in a capitalist economy has anything more than a lull before the storm. Now I thought it was a grace period of rhetoric.
 
 I didn't think was gonna have fucking happen, but it did because you had this period from nineteen ninety three to two thousand and seven. Where they were diminishing cycles and the neo labeled that the great moderation and they took the credit for it. They thought that the economy was being managed by them to a lower rate of inflation, lower level of unemployment, less instability over time and they literally feel credit for it. I was watching that and thinking that's slam my model running, and I'm shit... I'm scared of shit that there'll be a breakdown.
 
 I mean it ended up not working in the area for a while because they were debunk economics. And I got involved in a fight over the modeling of competition in their classical theory that took me away for about four or five years. And then I got asked do a court case in two thousand and five, end of two thousand and five. And I used Minsk excuse my framework arguing as somebody who was involved in predatory lending. Should be able to get out of the debt they were in.
 
 And I explained my steering, and I used this run throw a thing debt levels have mean private debt, exponentially. And then I thought well I can't there's an expert, just make a claim like that I've gotta check the data. And the dead ratio was rising exponentially. And I thought holy shit we're in for a financial crisis. And somebody has to warn about it and at least in Australia I was that somebody.
 
 So can you given in this chaotic dynamics? I idea, can you talk about the crisis is ahead of us in the future. So one
 
 Lex Fridman: of the things I it's fundamental question of economics. Is economics about understanding the past or predicting the future. Because You can construct models that do poetic, like a ninety five poetic. Yeah. And then you can, you know, watch years come fly by and some of the predictions in retrospect you make turn out to be true.
 
 Mh. But you... you know, you... All kinds of guru throughout history have done that kind of thing. You can call yourself right and forget all the many times you've been wrong.
 
 Let's talk about the future. What kind of stuff you you mentioned about the importance of the biosphere, but what are the crises are ahead of us? That this that that a chaotic dynamics view allows us to predict i
 
 Steve Keen: saw coming out of it with leaving a aside the ecological wasn't a crisis. It was stag. Because what we got out of the the crisis was caused by a rising level of private debt. Now you reach a peak level where the willingness to take on debt collapses. And so you go to a period where debt is rising all the time.
 
 So credit, which is the annual change in debt. And that's credit as part of aggregate demand and aggregate income. So credit goes from positive to negative and that causes a slump. What... So can you describe why that causes this slump.
 
 Lex Fridman: When we credit goes to negative.
 
 Steve Keen: If you ask Paul K, he'll tell your credit players no role in aggregate demand. Give me a second. Credit placed in role aggregate matter. So division division that the have of the banking system is what they call
 
 Lex Fridman: lau funds. It's Paul, by the way, the the night at the front of the army that is the neo classical economist?
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. Fundamentally. Sure. Okay. He he's he's politically reasonable, which makes him more dangerous than those the.
 
 He's politically... Yeah, there's quite a lot of people that would disagree with that characterization paul K as he's politically recently you should see the people boss. Alternatives. Okay.
 
 Lex Fridman: Okay. Fair
 
 Steve Keen: enough. Okay. There's that's not a negative positive statement. That's just he can be feisty as well. Oh you can.
 
 He can. But he's like the human face of neo classical economics. And it doesn't deserve having a him of human face. It's yeah anti human theory.
 
 Lex Fridman: But hopefully, you really think. I got you. Alright. Well, so so... But the credit does not have any effect on aggregate.
 
 In their model. And you're saying that's not the case. It's
 
 Steve Keen: absolutely crucial to aggregate good demand. So what they model is, again, the example of eu lending the if I money to you, I can spend less you can spend more. Okay? So credit... Credit is the change in debt.
 
 So if there's if I money to you, then there's level of private debt rises. Okay? So there's an increase in credit. But that increase credit comes at an expense my spending power. So you can spend what I've lent you.
 
 But I can't spend what I've learned you. So credit cancels out But when you look at that's lau funds, but in the real world, and the Bank of England has said this is the real world and the textbooks are wrong, categorically, and two thousand and fourteen. When the bank lens, it adds to its asset side and says you owe us more money, and it adds to its liability side says here's the money in your bank account, now you spend that money. So what it happens when you do your your sums, credit is part of aggregate demand and aggregate income. And that's something I first solved in twenty nineteen.
 
 I think two thousand only recently proved it mathematically. So what that means is credit is a component of aggregate demand and creditors also very volatile. So like consumption demand never goes negative. Investment demand never goes negative, but credit can go from positive to negative. And when you take a look at the long run of American history after the second world war, there was no period until two thousand and seven where credit was negative.
 
 Was a positive component of your positive number. Therefore when you do it as a percentage of J, it was a positive percentage of J. It peaked at sixteen percent of Gdp in two thousand six, two thousand and seven, it fell to minus five percent in two thousand and eight, two thousand and nine. You had a twenty percent of Gdp turnaround in aggregate demand. Now when you plot that against unemployment, the correlation of credit to unemployment across the period from about nineteen ninety to twenty and ten.
 
 Is about minus zero point nine. Okay? Enormous negative correlation. Now according to the could be close to zero. Empirical is bleeding obvious, it's not and it applies to every country in the world that had a financial crisis at that period.
 
 So it's it's bleeding obvious in the data and they ignore it because Credit is not part of their model. And you're saying it's c, that's just it is causal.
 
 Lex Fridman: Today, we said there's is extremely high inflation. Mh. What does inflation what role does inflation play in this picture? Is a little bit of inflation good which is about money creation in at the beginning, what's a little bit of inflation good or bad, a lot of inflation good or bad? How concerned are you about?
 
 Steve Keen: A little bit good for simple reason that like, because again, it's taken me a while to get my head around this. But if you think about how people say what are the functions of money? There's say money it's a unit of count account yeah measuring. It's a means of exchange. K.
 
 And it's a store of value. Okay? Now, yes, okay. It has those three roles. But The last one is contradictory of the previous two.
 
 Because... And this is where we see this with the bitcoin phenomenon. If you want hang on money as a store of value, Then if prices are falling, the value of money is rising, and it's actually in your interest there's a store of value to hang on to it and not spend it. K? So that contradicts its role is a means of exchange.
 
 Now if you have money, which depreciate and this was actually tried in the Austrian town of War during the second before during the great depression. If you have money that depreciate, then if you don't use it, you lose it fundamentally. So it has a high rate of circulation. So there's a a monetary here is called S Gi and he wrote this proposal that money should depreciate. And he was ridiculed and opposed and writer, but Kane said he was a great intellect.
 
 And the mayor of town of War in Austria during the great depression was facing an unemployment rate. Now twenty five percent pretty much the Germany had the worst experience in the great depression in the world from as as bad as America slightly worse than America. And so he you thought how can I stimulate demand here if used the script which could only be used for buying goods and services in War and and could be used to pay your your local rates. But it was depreciate by putting a stamp on the money if you didn't use it. So what happened was people would pay their rates, they they needed to pay the rights using this money.
 
 So the the script so they used the script. And it... Because it's appreciated, you'd use it rapidly. So people were using that money this built alternative to the Austrian healing and the economic activity in town took off and unemployment fell is zero. And it was an absolute miracle and if you loved a war experiment and the Austrian Central bank sued them.
 
 For establishing an alternative form of money and shut it down. Unemployment back up to twenty five percent again and Austria voted not ninety nine point or was it ninety nine point six percent for the nazis something crazy number like that one when hitler marched in. So the war experiment showed that a differentiating currency led to a high rate of circulation But of course, we're not talking by our republic levels of inflation. So when you get that much inflation, and that's normally caused by the as the one hour inflation was caused by the preparation terms imposed on Germany. Fundamentally by France at the three d versailles, they paid a large part of that with just basically printing the notes and you anywhere into this crazy period of hyper hyperinflation.
 
 So hyper hyperinflation almost always occurs when there's a massive destruction of physical resources, and the monetary authority tries to pay literally over it then you get hyper hyperinflation that's total social breakdown. So a moderate level of inflation inspires the means of exchange usage of money, but on undermine the store of value usage of money. And and that dilemma is why we have this antagonist attitude towards inflation. Yeah. I mean, you're describing his attention But it's nevertheless is like, money
 
 Lex Fridman: is a store value and a means of exchange. And I don't... You know, to push back it's not necessarily that there's tension it's just that depending on the dynamics of this be beautiful economic system of ours it's used as one more than the other. Mh If there's inflation you're using it more for the means of exchange, this deflation using more for store value, but that doesn't... I don't see that attention.
 
 That's just a... How much you use it for those different with a bit ends up saying that overall
 
 Steve Keen: the level of effective commerce a bit of inflation is a good thing. Because that's the money slightly and encourage its use. Yeah. But so the argument that
 
 Lex Fridman: bitcoin folks use or gold
 
 Steve Keen: standard. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: Again, hud is not an argument. Is that having an inflation of zero is actually achieving that balance. Yeah. Right. So like, the...
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. But if they're actually favor negative they they wanted to appreciate rapidly. There's a negative inflation. Know, value of the value the money rising relative to commodities. That's what they want.
 
 That's the philosophy. Well, that's more of,
 
 Lex Fridman: like, an investment. I don't know if that... Yeah. Of investment philosophy than the fundamental principles of why they believe and cryptocurrency in india. In enforce scarcity.
 
 The model. The the concern there is that when you print money, the public policy is detached from the actual from value.
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. Well, you... I mean, this this is where again, it matters to get money creation rod because the government's not the only money creator banks are as well, private banks. And and if we assess too much about limiting government money creation, or we end up getting if there is money creation going those private banks doing it, and you get an increase in private debt. And fundamentally private debt and its collapse of credit when it stops growing.
 
 That's the fundamental cause of financial crisis. So yeah, but the question is what's what's the the cost of the the collapse does the Well, I think that this is like the Austrian thinking leaves out the debt deflation. Mh. And that's like I think one of the most important papers ever written was by irving fisher called the debt deflation theory of great depression. Mh.
 
 Official was somebody who accepted the neo classical vision, he wrote the pre efficient market hypothesis, efficient market hypothesis. He had a... He's he's he's done Phd called the theory of interest.
 
 Lex Fridman: Mh.
 
 Steve Keen: And in that he argued effectively for supply and demand analysis of of the financial system And he argued for equilibrium. She said when you're working with a like, a a commodity market then this sale, and the the transaction and and the exchange occur at the same point in time. Mh. When you're working with the financial market, then the exchange occurs through time. So he's he said he assumed that debts a repaid.
 
 All debts to repaid. And he assume that equally equilibrium through time. Was an essential part of his assumption. This is... And then the great depression comes along.
 
 And he has become a major shareholder in ranks xerox because he invented the ro. Mh. Is it incorrect. And so he had taken out shares on margin, and he was worth about a hundred million in modern terms when the great depression hit. And ninety percent of that was share market valuation.
 
 He taken out margin depth just like everybody else. And with margin debt, you could put down a hundred thousand dollars and buy million dollars worth of shares. So you got this huge leverage into debt. Now that when the financial crisis hit, the level of margin, America had risen from half a percent of J a in nine in twenty to thirteen percent of Gdp in nine twenty nine. If they is zero again.
 
 That's why the stock market crash twenty nine was so devastating. That's kind. Of margin lending. And if it was being wiped out, that was selling rolls royce twenty quid, you know, that you've literally have further photographs showing people doing that because the margin call comes in you've got liquidate everything. Okay.
 
 So you said the the danger is is is of a debt deflation is what we have to avoid k? And that means you don't want too much private debt to accumulate, and you don't want falling prices because the following prices will amplify the impact of being ins to begin with. And that's what we saw in the great depression. It's partially what we saw in two thousand seven. But we didn't have anything like the level of of margin debt margin that was reduced from ninety percent to fifty percent ratio after the great depression.
 
 So there were limits on how bad it was in two thousand and seven. But the danger is still the period of deflation amplifies your debts. Okay. And he's... He he I call the fisher paradox.
 
 He didn't write those terms himself, but he wrote a line saying the more debtors pay, the more they owe. Okay And this is because you're liquid to try to meet your own debts when you liquidate the price level falls, you will end up having a lower level of monetary debt, but a high level of debt when you it using the price level. So the biggest danger capitalism is a debt deflation, far more dangerous than inflation. And the cause of that deflation is Too much lending, too much bank lending private money creation. And if you take a look at the knot twenties, Calvin Coolidge, explain the boom of the nineteen twenties on his surplus.
 
 He said my government running a surplus of one percent of Gdp pretty much from nine in twenty two through to nineteen thirty. Is the foundation of our stability. It should be continued. What he didn't look at was that over that same time period, on average, Americans were borrowing five percent of Gdp per year from the private banks. So you had housing bubble at the beginning of the nineteen twenties which we should covers beautifully in the brief history of Doom.
 
 And then you had this huge rise in March did as well. Gigantic increase and margin debt. So all this borrowed money was being spent the economy and this is where credit becomes part of of demand and it's both not just for Goods services it's also for shares and houses and so on. So a huge valuation effect. But then when the margin debt turned around, wonder if it would not take out margin debt anymore, the demand for margin debt disappeared and then it was, you know, what we call badly a positive feedback.
 
 It's actually an amplifying feedback right. And that caused
 
 Lex Fridman: to collapse. So what elements of that do you see today that we need to fix and how do we fix it? We have to regard the level of private debt
 
 Steve Keen: as a target of economic policy just as much as the rate of inflation or the rate of unemployment. How do what what is the moderate amount of private debt that's good? I would say something that the anywhere between thirty and seventy percent of J day pay was currently. In America, it's a hundred and seventy percent Nice Of Gdp. Well
 
 Lex Fridman: where's the nice. I've
 
 Steve Keen: got the took after we talk, but I'm can show you the the daughter in this, and it's it is just this huge increase in private debt. Yeah. First of all caused the boom, but then financing the credit causes ultimately causes the slump. And so if we remove the right level of which dead can reach, and we stop speculative lending and based have lending for both innovation, invest investment and essential consumption items. We won't have the slump on the other so, we can we can get rid of financial instability.
 
 We can't stop financial cycles, but we can stop financial breakdown. And so we should really be focusing the stability in getting that yeah Yeah. By the
 
 Lex Fridman: way, as you point to your laptop, my laptops, I have a lot of of how many computers do I have by a lot of them, but my little surface, whatever the heck this thing is is getting definitely size envy. Because your laptop, you said it's eighteen,
 
 Steve Keen: something inch point four.
 
 Lex Fridman: Eighteen point four inches You know, I don't think I've ever seen one that big, and I'll give the internet that one. Alright. That's for the graphics. So the gaming laptop
 
 Steve Keen: just the desktop it
 
 Lex Fridman: probably weighs, like,
 
 Steve Keen: forty pounds. And we have to... I kayla kilo. You breaking can i? Oh, wow, okay.
 
 Yeah. Okay.
 
 Lex Fridman: Eight kilos that's... you know,
 
 Steve Keen: you're a towers for it? Over there somewhere way the power supply about twice as much as your laptop. Yeah. And it as you have to power it on with the crank pretty
 
 Lex Fridman: close to like pull. Is a
 
 Steve Keen: gas powered or is cool well it's it's a nuclear power station and water there. Yeah. And an diamond in the back then. Okay. So Let me before
 
 Lex Fridman: I forget just let me ask you about we've covered brilliantly the the the Nuance disagreements you have pen the wisdom you've drawn from Karl marx, But there's also like you mentioned in popular discourse, a kind of a distorted use of different terms and one of them is marxism. Yeah today. Is there something you could just speak to about you know, increased use of that word and is it misused, does it concern you that there's a lot of actually young people that say there sort of proudly
 
 Steve Keen: marks yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: Are they missed using the term?
 
 Steve Keen: They i'll definitely mis using the term if they don't understand. The use value exchange value, d car went through earlier. So so if I recognize Josh. If I could
 
 Lex Fridman: pause the idea of socialism and marxism system is used in sort of popular lingo. Yeah. It's basically you know, a lot of people have a disproportionately hard life. Why can't we help the mouths? Why can't we be kind to our fellow man?
 
 Kind of dance? That's a short embodiment of an idea as opposed to some super complicated elaborate model of the economy and politics
 
 Steve Keen: that yeah got. I mean, we could do that. By using the insights to come out of modern monetary theory, which I've confirmed just using my simple minsk models. And that is that to use the term usually a feature not a bug, the government running a deficit as a feature. Have a well functioning mixed credit economy not about the government should normally run a deficit because that's how them a government creates money.
 
 Now because we had this obsession from mainstream economists running a surplus, which is what caused the great depression the calvin call is doing it for eight years. Because of that obsession, we've cut back on social services we've cut back on health. We've cut back on education we've cut back on infrastructure. Now all that stuff predominantly affects the poor. Because the rich can afford about themselves.
 
 So if we had son which realized the government should run a deficit, it's a feature, not a bug of a fiat money system. And that's where he owns made one mistake recently, however not going back to founded first principles. That deficit enables you to provide an enough of a decent standard of living for those who don't come out on top on the the capital game. Mh. And with that, you wouldn't have the of the young people.
 
 Now we still have the climate parameters within which we have to survive, but a decent level of government funding would mean the yank did you get but people say I want be a marxist, and they've got a what I call a cardboard cut out, version of marks in their minds. That wouldn't be happening. So it's it's potential to have a a a a good society where the government runs a deficit that finances the needs of the poor whether the rich get enough to, you know, and doesn't take care of themselves. And you'd you don't get this breakdown if if you if you try to cause the government running a surplus, then the burden of that is borne by the poor, middle fast and paul, and that will lead to the yank we're now saying.
 
 Lex Fridman: Beautiful. That was that was a beautiful world exploration involve economics and economics history. Let me ask you what you tweeted, I think. Yeah. We are the opposite of ants.
 
 Individually intelligent, collectively stupid. We need to develop systems thinking fast to our limitations. That's really interesting. Do... Do you really believe we're individually intelligent and collectively stupid?
 
 I do. Can you elaborate... I mean, some of that is just cheeky tweets. But
 
 Steve Keen: was it's cheeky what of had from Mind for a long time it just is one that actually went moderately viral, not enough, but moderately viral for me. But nevertheless what if you
 
 Lex Fridman: could analyze it is if it's some deep profound statement you made in the book
 
 Steve Keen: Well, the the reason is that we are like incredibly individually intelligent, things like these devices we're playing with now. That's the creation for individual minds creative individual mine and a collective labor of centuries that led to this level of technology and that has to be respected. It's incredible stuff. But at the same time, I think what humans are if you want distinguish him instrument other species on the planet, we don't wave webs. K?
 
 We don't make bird calls. What we do is we share beliefs. Yep.
 
 Lex Fridman: Okay. Now you don't think that's awesome that's... You don't think that's the catalyst for intelligence?
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. It is a catalyst. But what it means is we can dilute ourselves as much as we can inform ourselves. So because we share beliefs we can do things in a collective way. And if we believe that, know, we can if we take the of the...
 
 Which doctors and we, and we happen to have a couple of spares and and things we can go and attack the local tribe of of of of the lines and drive them out. And we become the dominant species. So it worked at the stage where we were in competition with other species on the planet. Now that we're the dominant species, then our belief gonna on the why. So you agree with with Einstein who said the
 
 Lex Fridman: only there are only two things that infinite. The universe and humid stupidity.
 
 Steve Keen: And he wasn't sure about the universe.
 
 Lex Fridman: And he wasn't sure about the right. That's right. And he was to sure about the universe. Yes. So you think that the collective...
 
 I mean... There's an Infinity to the destructive and the the stupid the inhumane that's possible low and we humans get together, but it feels like there's more trajectories. There's more possibility for creation.
 
 Steve Keen: There are... Mean I think that's why we have to so, if we if we would built around the id that our role as species is is to maintain and extend life on the planet and and if not find it elsewhere then seated it elsewhere. Yeah. Then that is the vision which makes us creative and con find the worst elements of our capacities to share beliefs. So I...
 
 That's what I my hope is that will reach that stage, But I think we've overs overshadowed so badly that my real fear will end up blaming technology for the top of world, we find ourselves living in in the next twenty to fifty years. So you think technology is going to be one of the part of the solution. Part of the solution. Yeah. But it's...
 
 But if we go through blame it, which is quite possible. Yeah. But we blame the technology rather than blaming too much of the technology and the too much comes down to what Economists have told us that we can just continue consuming infinitely on a finite planet and Kenneth bowling said that beautifully said. If somebody believes that you can can have exponential growth on a finite planet, they're either mad or they're an economist.
 
 Lex Fridman: So you're you made a long journey for which I'm deeply honored from from sydney. This distant place.
 
 Steve Keen: And it. There's myth... You've gotta a guy there one that you enjoy.
 
 Lex Fridman: I I will. I'm afraid if if I go there, I we'll stay forever. And
 
 Steve Keen: so No it's a bit too... You know, this there's more vitality back on this economy so you'd come back.
 
 Lex Fridman: okay. Maybe. you know, I'm not a fan of the economy or money or any of that. Nature calls me. Let me...
 
 So I'm honored you make that trip. You've also said that you while you're here in austin, you're going to Go to this American factory that makes cars Mh. Here in Austin and also visit star base. So let me ask you about expanding out into the universe. Is that something that that excites to.
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. Mentioned about
 
 Lex Fridman: the economics of it you think does... What what do you think Marx would think about this? Like, well, economically speaking. What what is this? Is it a good thing?
 
 Steve Keen: I I think you vital... We can have capitalism and out of space far successfully then we can have it on the planet because we don't face when we dump the waste ends up in the sun, not a problem. Okay? So it means the potential, we don't undermine our own productive capacity if we're doing it now to spice. So the destructive development of waste is has a lesser impact.
 
 I know. Yeah. I mean, here's we throw a bit of hell on back into the sun again. And take a fair bit of it to turn into what about the next stage to be a red giant. And we have to get away because there's a red giant at some stage it'll it'll sun will head out past the orbit of mars.
 
 So I think certainly pass the orbit of earth. So to have longevity of of of not as human life, the life that evolved on this planet, we have to be able to take it off planet ultimately. So if you think in really long term, then it's our responsibility. We're gonna maintain life is to get is to establish life off the planet.
 
 Lex Fridman: What do you think about robots in Ai? As part of the expanding out into?
 
 Steve Keen: Oh, yeah we have to. I mean, you you that's that ends live. You can't you can't go for know, could dad your can't from here to the asteroid belt and back again for dinner with your family. So with production would be entirely mechanized. That do have to be a handful of people who service the machines, but since about production and automation, what about elements of consciousness that make humans so special.
 
 Lex Fridman: Is that What about that persisting within the?
 
 Steve Keen: That? I mean, I'm still skeptic about us ever being able to create a a machine which is truly conscious. If I can throw out, it's so my two cents It would really piss off karl marx by the way. If we create machines that cause Exactly. This is actually both a part of the...
 
 There's two good logical arguments against the labor theory of value. One of what it becomes in machines to come in television. And the other was that if the declining rate of profit applies and socialism, it'll apply the rate of accumulation sorting capitalism. It'll pause the right of socialism as well a guy called K made that argument. So his argument was just un sound.
 
 But yeah, intelligent machines would completely screw marks up you know. Yeah. But you do you know like that world where machines have not only intelligence with those Yeah. And I... y'all know that's one of your interests, so one of your potential endeavors and of the cuts will i that there's some singularity we're approaching is we just get an increasing processing power.
 
 It's not processing power imagination. And I think whatever the heck that means whatever the heck that means. Yeah. I mean, you you would have had imaginative insights from your papers on like in motor in automating measuring. Between the hyper intelligent machine or the machine human interface where the standards can be lower from the machine and half for the human.
 
 Okay. That's an inside you would have had at some point and then you've worked it further. So I've had insights like that as well. And I have no idea where they come from. They just hit me in the head.
 
 And I write them down and and they they solve a problem, so I didn't even know my mind was working on. K? So how can we get a machine to do that? And I do not know the answer, but one thing I think is the potential... I think think we have to create Ai that has feelings.
 
 That wants to survive because if you think how our intelligence evolved, it's on this planet in a struggle between predator try. And intelligent became a survival technique.
 
 Lex Fridman: I find the ideas the Ernest becker would denial of death really powerful, is that humans we're not only have emotions and are trying to survive. They're able to ponder out in the distant future, their mortality. Yes. And that's is a driving force for even greater creation that animals are able to do. Yeah.
 
 More more more primitive animals. So there is some element where I agree with you, I think for Ai systems to have something like consciousness, they have to fear their mortality.
 
 Steve Keen: Exactly. And I think that's... If you do it then, you don't you you can't produce an Ai who's behavior you can control.
 
 Lex Fridman: I mean, when you have kids,
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. You could
 
 Lex Fridman: control their behavior. You'd you know, that's the that's the trade off.
 
 Steve Keen: You give it less to an ana. Yeah. Like up one of my favorite instances in my family officers. One of my feet one of my... Got...
 
 I like all my nurses and and nephews foods but one's got a real quirk to her. And I was standing over her caught when she was literally, like about six months old, and she was googling a away to herself. And her father way he's to stop making that noise, and this little six months old goes. This is a... And I said, boy you're gonna have issues with that one night.
 
 Yeah. And and she and kiss was born. Yeah. And so you can't control this life you give that. Birth two.
 
 And that's... I think that's. Terrifying and exciting. It is. And I think we should take that risk at some stage.
 
 But I think to do it with what actually let artificial intelligence involve in us environment in which it feeds its on death. Yeah.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. I think there's a lot of beauty there, but it's there's also a lot of. A lot of destruction that's possible. So you have to be extremely careful both. That's kind of the cutting edge which we'll often operate as a humanity.
 
 Mh. Let me ask you for advice. Can you give advice to young people in high school in college? Maybe they're interested in economics. Maybe they have other career ideas.
 
 What advice would you give them about a career that can have that they could be proud of or a life they can be proud of?
 
 Steve Keen: Mainly in a career, I say don't do an economics degree. Okay. I say there's a there's a little book on comics.
 
 Lex Fridman: He he econ comics taking the khan out of economics. So they should start with that. And then say screw economics degree. Yeah. Because
 
 Steve Keen: what what you learn is an obsolete technology learning economics city of university is lot learning whole make. Astronomy. Okay. The centric equilibrium. You know, epi cycles being added to make your models fit the data.
 
 It's not that economics is not a discipline worth deeply studying. It's that the
 
 Lex Fridman: university education
 
 Steve Keen: around So bad is bad. Yeah. I'd say learn system dynamics. Do a course in system dynamics, which you can apply in any field and then apply what you learn out of system dynamics. To the issues of economics, so that's what interests you.
 
 So get a sort of base
 
 Lex Fridman: engineering location,
 
 Steve Keen: but based engineering education. That is far better than doing an economics degree. In terms of life, know my life is pretty chaotic in many, many ways. My friend friends and family will tell me that every opportunity. But the thing is I I want this will tell you an example of it a really funny incident that occurred to me, because I led the student revolt at sydney University, as I mentioned was twenty years old.
 
 Great. And then in my like about twenty eight or so, I went to a restaurant one night and I found a bunch of guys all guys who done accounting at the university, but also been part of this student revolt. So they hadn't seen me for about a decade and they said to what been doing Steve and I talked about what I done. So I've been a school teacher for a while. I've been working in overseas aid.
 
 I was doing computer programming at this time and forgotten what also I was doing at that point. So I explained it to all of them. That would a buck night. One of the having waiting you coming up the next week. And one of them said, I wish I'd done that.
 
 And there was silence around the table that was obviously silent agreement. And I looked at them said, hang on guys, look at the downside of my life, you know, like, Okay. You you're getting married. I don't have a girlfriend right now. You've all got secure jobs i'm unemployed.
 
 Okay? Done you're in a house, haven't got a car. Mh. You know, look at the downside of my life. And the bloke was the king pen of that group, a very innovative by bunch of guys and Student revolt.
 
 And you said, Steve, we would still all rather have done what you have done. And they did accounting because it was safe. Always got a job and that were bored shit. Would did you have a sense that the chaos zero is jumping into was dangerous? Or is it just a poor pull of it that...
 
 I I simply couldn't not do it. Yeah. It was part of me that I I couldn't swallow this economic stuff. Once I was exposed to what was so wrong, then I was on a on a cruise crusade to make it right. And that's been part of my nature all through my life.
 
 I don't know why. So it wasn't that i made a choice to do it is that I couldn't be true to myself without doing it. And I find a lot of people who caught life where they're doing it because it works for some financial or other reason, but they're not being treated to themselves. And as as messy as my life is not shit, I've got myself caught up in, and there's a lot of that in my personal and financial life right now, which is the pain in the ass. I would rather have had that much than not.
 
 It would rather take the pain in the ass. Yep. Not.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yep. Yep. Let me ask a dark question. What's the darkest place you've ever gone to in your mind? So they know that roller coaster of.
 
 Have there been periods or it's been really... I've been... I've had to
 
 Steve Keen: cope the depression in the last five years since I started reading, near class economist on climate change. Okay. So come back to that one. So that's where my wife's gonna come into this story. So I was reading Richard Told.
 
 Paper from two thousand and nine called the economics of climate change, Journal of economic perspective I think. And I read this section where he says that one of the ways they tried to calibrate what climate change was due. Is they assumed that the relationship between Gdp and temperature over space would apply the time as well. Yes. And I read that in thought that is so fucking stupid.
 
 All it's saying is that there's a ten degree temperature difference between you york can florida and a twenty percent difference in income than a ten degree increase in temperature cause gdp by fall by twenty percent. It is so insanely stupid. So when when that read that line, I just did this. I just... You know, I was in shock house chief it was My wife who's tie and brings in treats for me all day.
 
 Walks into the room and says and she speaks in a Cartel English and sesame me. Why why don't you like this? And I said, I'm just doing this work on climate change and she interrupts says Oh, why you do that stuff? Nobody interested in climate change. You can't do anything to change it.
 
 If we die, we die. And that's perfect buddhist grounding, you know. And I thought, I can't argue with there again. Yeah. You know.
 
 So that sort of stopped me on the depression, but that's the darkest point when I've looked at and I thought to this arrogance this stupidity, this hu bug and the economists meant that we were potentially j the lives of billions of people and christ knows how many other life forms. And the having that knowledge is the most depressing experience of my life that's ideas simple models combined with Arrogance. Yeah. Can
 
 Lex Fridman: lead to the potential structure of human civilization. Yeah. That was a very heavy. And then your wife came in
 
 Steve Keen: with the brought me out of
 
 Lex Fridman: it. Nature nature wins in the end.
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. And that what sort of accept the flow of life. You should we really remember enjoy that book the oath of odds because it's got that same beautiful sense to it. Life will survive whatever we do. I mean, did he talk about the people i actually talking with a good mate Mine geo and he's now a professor of economics.
 
 And he said as a geo geology, he really hated people talking about the answer epoch. And I said, well, it's not it shouldn't be the ant epoch, It'll be the ant event because an epoch millions of years and know, be a huge period of of life on the planet. And we might be snuff out in ten thousand years of human and civilization. And that's not much slower than the media wiping out the Dinosaurs that Don was lasted for a long time after that event. So where it we're like, we'd just be a layer the in the in the surface of the planet with plastics and strange metals like that at some point.
 
 So we're just need, but the life will abide life will survive us. But there's so much life are gonna take down with us in this hole. Period. And there's so many of our own lives we're gonna terminate for no good reason. I'm looking at this richard to tall character.
 
 I'll definitely have to look at some of his papers. It does look like boys you
 
 Lex Fridman: over simplifying and do a lot my
 
 Steve Keen: god. Check is one on the answer on on how good it'll be to lose I.
 
 Lex Fridman: That's said. I'm going to approach all of these topics with humility. And I would like to have some conversations if people can recommend my default position is always with a scientists. But even above that, my default position is with those who are humble versus those are arrogant. Yeah.
 
 The this idea that because you're quote unquote expert, you deserve to have Arrogance is the silly idea to me. Again, going to the the broader view of life on Earth. Yep. Nature. Nature is the only one that gets to be arrogant, and it doesn't need...
 
 It it chooses not to. So let me ask you about love. What role does love play this whole thing? What the karl marx have a model for that.
 
 Steve Keen: Oh oxford madly in love with Jenny von watch that. And wrote love poetry to her along with Before he rode dust Capital. And he was been with her so imp his his house. So there's a car there's a son of Karl marx. Who was the son of the house not the jenny.
 
 They're numerous daughters.
 
 Lex Fridman: You told... So so he was a he had a complicated
 
 Steve Keen: view of love. Oh, yeah. There's a a dialect like i love there. He had an idea view with with jennings. And like he was rejected because he wasn't not by jenny.
 
 She was madly in love with him as well. So was a real passionate at love affair from the very outset. But then, of course, you have children lots of them die. There's a huge amount of tragedy in his life as well. He in Jenny were forced out of cl, Chelsea by a cholera epidemic.
 
 My vision for London back in the, the fifties and sixties was Ka in the not in the nine seventies is that's really what life was like. So there's a lot of hardship in his life as well, and he was always poor. So you know, only ing, kept him alive financially. He applied for one job outside of of he never got a academic job. He was pushed out of prussia as a newspaper author.
 
 But he also have applied for a job a clock in the British railway system has turned down because they couldn't meet his hand handwriting. So no I think I've felt a bit similar there. So so yeah, there's a lot of love and passion.
 
 Lex Fridman: But in general, what do you think is the role of love
 
 Steve Keen: in the human condition? It's. It's... I mean, that that feeling of passionate desire and respect for somebody else. And there's converted forms of love as well So I'll I'll leave that out, but somebody having a a really a deep bond which goes beyond just sexual attraction.
 
 Now like, I've had that four or five times in my life with different women at different times. And I've stuffed up the most important one early on. And that that feeling is incredible. And so you you couldn't have life worth living without that. So it's an essential part of who we are.
 
 But what we have to do is transfer it not just to the rest of our species, but both species. And that's I think what's vital and how do we maintain that over generations? And I think that that I idea that we can actually hang on to that general sense of respect and not lose it again because the the amount of life we've terminated on this planet, the the war side of humanity. That is too much of a defining feature of our species. That's the opposite of love it's hate, but it's pleasure and inflict pain on others.
 
 When you see people killing others in a war like environment. They're enjoying themselves. K? It's rarely sometimes it's self defense, but there's when you when you have talk spoken to people who have been involved in combat and being involved in riots and said when you see somebody riding, bashing people up they enjoying themselves. It's not anger they're feeling as pleasure.
 
 Lex Fridman: Yeah. There's a dark aspect to human very doctor. But there's also the capacity to to raise above that.
 
 Steve Keen: And I think like put us on a spectrum between chimpanzees one extreme and novo at the other. And we're too close to the chimpanzees. You know. And Ben bernard is just having fun having lots of sex. Every time they do anything they fuck first and do the work later and then fuck after celebrate bright.
 
 You know know? But first ask questions later.
 
 Lex Fridman: It's like that scent of a woman, one of my favorite films where A pac gives advice to cat he says when in doubt
 
 Steve Keen: fuck.
 
 Lex Fridman: It's good life advice for cat, especially. Mh. We mentioned that death seems to be maybe fundamental to creating a cautious Ai. Alright? Do you think about your own death?
 
 Do you... Are you afraid of it?
 
 Steve Keen: I'm afraid of going through it. I'm
 
 Lex Fridman: now the other side. You're not afraid of being on the other side.
 
 Steve Keen: I don't think there is another side. I mean I'm I'm i'm agnostic. I'm atheist when pressed and agnostic. The one thing that I think I can understand why religion exists is that the whole thing that something exists itself a dilemma. You have to take on faith that reality exists, whether it's a simulation or actual reality?
 
 It exists. And that itself can't be explained any any scientific manner. I mean, you can talk about anti anti protons and protons and the sun being, zero and so on. But what did it even happen in the first place? So this part you simply have to take on faith.
 
 Yeah. So there was darkness before We don't know.
 
 Lex Fridman: And there's darkness after.
 
 Steve Keen: Yeah. And I don't know if they're gonna be alive on the other side of that darkness I think individually no. But the the way you can live on is by what you do to him and consciousness.
 
 Lex Fridman: And how do you hope people remember
 
 Steve Keen: you? As someone who managed to integrate economics with an appreciation for life.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, I have to say, That's a bit of a callback. You're one deadly bastard. It's a huge honor that you would come down and talk to me your brilliant person, you're hilarious person. The humility shines through the brilliant transfer through. Thank you so much.
 
 Well thank you
 
 Steve Keen: time. You you do the same for humanity. I mean when you I saw that email from you my eyes popped out on my head. Okay.
 
 Lex Fridman: Well, you should hold your judgment. I gotta show you the sex dungeon have. You'll
 
 Steve Keen: you'll... I'm waiting for invitation. I'll send my wife out. Awesome. K.
 
 Alright. I okay man.
 
 Lex Fridman: Thanks for listening to this conversation with Steve Keen. To support this podcast, please check out our sponsors in the description. And now Let me leave you some words from karl marx to be radical, is to grasp things at the root. Thank you for listening and hope to
 
 Lex Fridman: see you next
 
 Steve Keen: time.