Why do you think that?       How do they which direction?   Really? Like, what could the fuck out here   Everyone's been there   And not always it true   But people keep getting fucking murdered for it   Yeah   Yeah  He's fucked up   Yeah  I think you're really good at that  like, you pulled    May know if you would genuinely be there  You know what I'm saying?  No  No  No  No  Yeah  I would have to be just me and him   I would have to, like, really take time with with Trump     Yes  Yes  But maybe not donald trump  No  That's different   Like the     Okay  No  I didn't, man   That was just weird about it   Not only did I not smell bullshit? I went     Did he really work on back engineering Ufo? I don't know   We're fucking   It's     Like, where are they   Right?   Well, first of all, it's not certainly that's true it's it's possible possible   Right   And so far aware   What did they look like? Are they      Mh  As we are, relatively, you know, maybe a few million years apart   Like but is it possible and maybe you could speak to this? Yeah     And not until you're ready to use it  And need to use it Like why? Why would they why would they tell us that? I really do   I don't think they think that way   Yeah       Powerful hungry   I talk to him   But I start to wonder well    Is there somebody I know that's doing that? Undercover Cia or undercover, F b and undercover anything, you probably do   Yeah   Yeah  For sure  Think there was actual, I guess that may have been  The hundred percent man   I would imagine would you know? Do care   Is this I mean it depends on what they're attempting to do   Right? They do plant narratives   Yeah   That's where it gets dangerous   Right? I guess, I can   I mean, I guess everybody could be manipulated a certain way   I'm sure too   I want it to be real so bad     Well it's because it's fun  You know? Yeah  It that's what it is   Yeah  Sure   Because ufo time certain individuals that like, okay, they're just like using this   Right   Yeah   Yeah   And then he felt like that wasn't enough   So you gotta go well   That seems so juicy  I wanna buy into it  That's where I get nervous  You know  Know   You don't know who to trust the     Exactly   How how do you figure that out?   Allegedly former  Former  Think about that   Yeah   And, you know, I think     Yeah I'm I'm sure he doesn't tell me everything about everything   What what about friends? How do you know if you can trust? Yeah  Like just going with through shit together  Yeah  And see so it, you know, first of all, comics  Look, you can trust comments   And There's not that many of us   I'd be stunned   I don't even think there's a thousand   Right?     Yeah  And they're doing well on their own Because  If you become successful, people start wanting stuff from you   Yes  And then sometimes you wanna push them away because of that as opposed to connect with them   Yeah  I don't wanna enjoy it when people want things for me  It's not fun   Just ignore it   Yeah  It's fucking too heavy  They want too much      There's not that many of us  And so we all wanna hang out together   Mh   That has a sharp based good     It has to shane and as those ari  Yeah   You know, They really love it   And it's that's so So there's that    Martial arts friends are they're also    I they know     They know who's been through it  You know? I don't know how that work   It's not       And it's quite genius   because     Yeah  So that's    I don't know   It's I think it's quite Genius   Like, they're       Yeah   He's just raw   Yeah   He's just great   We just didn't work together that often   We were weren't around each other often   That's all it was   But it wasn't like it was     I loved him though   He was great, Guy     Just totally random     And I go     It was he's just so crazy and impulsive and loved to gamble     Yeah  That was him  You mean nonstop  It just     That was who he was  You know? So you get to, like, you have to put yourself like, what was it like to be in nineteen sixty three? Mh   Like, what was he said in nineteen sixty three? What was his like to hear him say this? It's not that funny   And I know sounds ridiculous goes Lenny Bruce has arrested many, many times      And then is is comedy deteriorated horribly     Just listening   No   I I'm I actually really inspiring to me to see people that, you know, some are funny, some are not so funny   trying   I still remember these days   You could play it   You can't teach someone how to do comedy   You think it's your funny or not? Or can you     Can you still figure it out? Like, you still learn figure it out   Yeah   Can you start un front? Can you start being un funny? Yeah and become funny? Yes   It's possible   It's not easy though   You gonna have to eat a out of shit   Like, what's missing? Maybe you need to be in love   You know? Yeah  Well, you actually believe   You learn through doing It's hard   Well, it depends on, you know, how long you've been thinking about doing comedy   It's just     But it's easier because you can rely on the    It     Right? Yeah   You're exhausted   Yeah   You know, levels   Yeah   It depends   It all depends   It's Yes   So you eating shit is on there forever   It's like they can't just kill   So they have to pretend that they     They're supposed to be socially aware   That's not what they're there for   They're there for jokes   The people that say that, they     That is just because they suck   Yeah  That is it   He's fucking fantastic   I mean, he's so good   I heard she's racist     That's not gonna happen Nobody be gives a fuck   Are you funny? If you're funny, you're in, and everybody loves you   You could be eighty, you could be twenty Nobody fucking cares   Are you funny? Just be funny   Yeah  It's always funny   He's got     Informing me who you are? That's what you like   Yeah   That's an important but    yeah   He's like actual fight actual phone   And this is when you were, like, five   Yeah   Yeah   Think kong   Yeah   You sure    It's not all about size  Right? It just feels like King Kong is stronger   Stop   Back tape back to Immediate back backstage What?   Good   Because in, you see this all time   Exactly   Spider man I think it   Alright   And they're not very big at all   They're just so ferocious  And they're so durable   And if they're ferocious enough    And he goes, did you cry? I go no   Think was good   Don't ever cry   And I remember that, like, whoa? Like the     Yeah  You know, in the nineteen seventy, this would been nineteen seventy two   Mh     I don't think so   I don't     I'm not aware if it is because I've looked You know   Like, where'd did you leave it? I don't know   Like, oh i'll go look Yeah  I don't know   I think I've looked   I just didn't wanna listen to people   I was too feral   I just didn't want to didn't wanna sit still   Yeah   Oh, yeah       Yes  For me, early on was drawing   So     I I i     They didn't want me to stand up   Yeah   Do you think he'll be seventy still screaming? Yes   Try to figure out why you why you're not enjoying it? Yeah  If you're alive, you can get better  Than matter what? Yeah  No matter what  If you're alive, you can shift things   For     Like, you can get hot and nice   They're out there   Yeah  You know? And then you're drive   Yeah   Yeah  Yeah   He might     You know what? It'd be funny if he is the   He  Good You don't wanna be with someone who's lazy or who's spite?   That's why one of things I like the most about   She's so nice   She's always smiling   Yeah  I mean you seen us together  Yeah  You've hung around with us   She's fun   Yeah  She's a lot fun  Yeah  She makes you just feel great to be a alive   She's happy   They're real   They inspire you to do the same   And it's extremely valuable   That's why I cut out him doing for my left she broke up with them eastern I'm married   No  It's over   It's just not healthy for me   Boy   Physically  No  I love him   He worked out   How's the cancer? How's it doing buddy?? Do you think he has cancer? I don't think so     Right? He ultimately made it a greater nation than was before Yeah obvious That's right people sure   Well, I I to push back, I don't know if it's horribly wrong   You don't think wrong? I think it's     Are you aware of this? Are you yourself? Like, who is around you? Who the advisors? Yeah  Because you're too fucking honest  Well, yeah It would be   It's     He's       He is still very popular   Yeah     Yeah  So   Right? So it's not like you become     Like, where was, like, he wasn't seeing clearly at all   We know this   Right? It's just not what it is    That's fucking incredibly dangerous, and it's corrupt   Where would you give it would would should I should let them see it? Yeah  Pretty easy, you know? But this that a power move Yeah  And then he puts it on so you  You're say no? You go like this   It feels it  Keep going   Well first of all, thank you for this   I hope so too   I'm nervous about you going over there   But they don't know   It's just something about says, I need to go there   So I remember what it was years ago when I was there   I I know Maybe a little here and there, but mostly just for me and to to see  I don't know  This     Everybody has said, yes       You have to be there   I remember     You know, I remember when everything was flourishing   I wanna I wanna see that   I wanna understand   Sometimes it just pulls you and you have to go     I don't real plan   Wow   Yeah       And you try to understand   Thank you for everything you're doing for everybody around you for for giving forgiving    For giving me back but for just giving and being kind to everybody   I love you, brother  I love you too   Thank you   Thank you for listening and hope to see you next time 