So you can       Right?   So it's not like you get to re brand yourself    And I think I what is interesting about this  What is compelling? Right? These they just are observers   Right? And then we're putting them to then generate data when we interact with them, but that's very limiting   We're not even doing that   Right? They don't keep changing   Right? Right?   Right? So that's that feels like something is missing fundamentally   Like, what      Maybe it's stepping back     Right? Right?     Right? Right?     Right? Right?     Yes  There you go   Right   So Can you imagine like, touring tweeting meow probably he would probably would  Probably     Ga Right? Yeah   Right? Right?     I see  I see it  I see you now it all makes sense   Okay  So you say meow in Spanish? It's universal   Yeah   So you said general is     So you said language, vision, and action   How does this     Right? Right? We decided not to go that way for now   Would we be able to recognize it? And this feels like it sounds perhaps silly, but I don't think it is   So sadly consciousness thing whatever   Yeah   Yeah   We can get back to that later   Right? Right? Right? Right?     Right? Right? It's general because it really has mixed     It's not obvious that it wouldn't be more proficient   It's just the current Yeah   Right     Right   You might need to sort of make it more clear to the model that you're not only playing atari and it's just     Right?   Right? Right? So in ga, the text     Right? What are we talking about? Yes  Yes   So maybe to you, but to me, they mean so much more   Yeah      If you actually just Yeah   But yeah      There's like, it's very clear how this is done   And then in ga, Like   Yeah  I mean, jp     As I said, it's very     Right? So now, like, we work on     So they're completely independent   Right? Right?     And then we just     Yes     How is that possible? Are    Do       Is it sc?   This has evolved   Right?   Right? Right? These are the same   Right? Right? Mh   Right? And that would would mean we now leverage much more from the language   Right? Okay  You mentioned early on like    It's hard to grow  What did you mean by that? Right? Yes  Exactly   And it has to be   Right? Yes   Okay   So it's modular all the way down   Okay  All the way down   Right? Right?     Exactly   Right? You you can start seeing wow  Okay       Right? And this lies       With software that we're reusing   Do you think     Sure   To now all of a sudden, will a bit unlocked from benchmarks and through language, we can define tasks   Right?   And then not perfectly   Right? Now now that's where we are now     Yes  It expanded what it meant  So that's what you say, what does it mean? Right? Right? We build Alpha star specialized to play aircraft   Which is gonna be beyond prompting   It's gonna be a bit more interactive Right?   Right? And even if it's not as good, it's fine   So this is to me very exciting   But that's if I     This is fascinating   This is already trained and now you're teaching Right? Okay   Right? Right? Right? So as I called the how or or how we're gonna achieve this Right? To me Well the     Yeah   And what does that mean? Like, what does it need to be actually trained on? I don't know   The those     Right? Yeah   Right? And so we'll we'll need to wait for maybe the     So we don't know   But we're just definitely excited to find out   Chin go for any of these that is especially beautiful   That was surprising   That that's very nice   Sure  We can move forward     So engineering of data and obviously clusters and large scale is very important   Right? Like, if you're not risking to trying to do something that feels impossible  You're not gonna get there, but you need to wait to measure progress   What is what is the tension?   So what this very simple looks at what attention is in neural network   They were very powerful   Like we discussed these before   Right? This could be     Right? Right? Okay? Is it is it gonna be cut? Or is it gonna be dark? And then it says, okay     Right? Is not how far away is it   I mean, how far away is it is important? What what what did I just write about? That's critical by what you wrote about, ten pages ago might also be critical   So you're looking not position, but content wise   Right? But I think it's it's very       But if I'm teaching you, start   I mean, I'll have to show you videos  I have to     We'll have to interact probably as you play you'll ask me questions   Yeah  That's really interesting   So Yes  And I mean, hi keys are are bay     Mh   Right? That's gonna be tricky     You could     Yes  Like, you're not    You're       Right? Like, I don't care   Yes   So certainly, that does happen   It's not exactly what I meant   Although quite related   You're identifying quickly, right? Right? Right?     Not everything obviously starts transformer   Yeah  Different   Yes  Is interesting to think about  Yeah   I mean, engineering there's also kind of a historical     Right? Like, we'll see when they stop   Right? Right? We are surfing things to that   That's great to see   And last but not least is also data   Right?   And we tend do     It's    You    You     Right? And I would say that's probably because of the     Right? Right? Although it might be quite important   Right? Right? Right?   Right?   Yes   Some Right?   Yeah  I mean, a few reactions  Quite the few, actually   Sadly, though I think     Yeah  Sadly, I I have not     I think we're quite far from that    Just makes me like     Right? It's very interesting   Yeah  So     Right? Right? Right? Right? Right? Maybe this this is not something I think right now is reasonable  Knowing all that I know       So I think Yeah   Right?   Yeah   I'm not sure it's necessary personally speaking     Right? Like, all the       To then guide to the research   But consciousness in particular, I don't Okay  That's easier than for then  Thank you And when     Yeah  So absolutely   It's     And if you were too early, clearly, it's fine   Yes  Of course yeah  Okay  I mean, we're     So he can     If I say him in person that    He will kill on that  Yeah  I'll but but I think I think it's a good     Right? Right? Obviously, there is     We have them early anyways   Right? But    But, yeah, it's it's     Yeah  I mean, it's funny   That that that vision, right? Right? This is is good to be practical sometimes, and I actually think Il and myself are like, practical, but it's also good Ask has been     Do you think that intuition is ultimately correct? And so you     We wanna see the bytes   Right? So we can certainly imitate humans at language and beyond   But certainly, human level, yes  And I mean, that in itself is already quite powerful, I think   So going beyond, I think it's obviously not     We're not gonna not try that I'm I'm afraid if there's a lot more   Correct   Yeah   And just as a quick bet last question      Not to say there might be some hybrid prioritization       Thanks a lot yeah   Looking forward to before the singularity starts and maybe after   To support this podcast  Please check out our sponsors in the description   Those who can imagine anything can create the impossible Thank you for listening, and hope to see you next time 